Free permit(s) for Sarah's Circle
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph School - Account No. 442209
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Belmont Assembly of God
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Columbia College
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Field Museum of Natural History
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Shepherd Church - Account No. 440470
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lincoln Square Chamber of Commerce Summer Concert Series
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1323 S Michigan Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for My Properties LLC d.b.a. Crash Champions 
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 3-12-050 by modifying provisions for senior sewer charge exemption
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith -  Account No. 271585 
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Douglas Park Church of the Brethren - Account No. 346158
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Douglas Park Church of the Brethren Account No. 346158
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Elizabeth Hospital
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Assemblage Ltd.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kids Kingdom Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for University of Chicago, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dave Gassman
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Happy Days Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for bedRock Group, Inc., The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for State Street Parking LLC, State Street Holdings LLC and their affiliated companies
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for McInery Builders
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Liga Deportiva DeFutbol
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sunrise Baptist Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fletcher's Laundry and Dream Cafe
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Public 2 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Larrabee Street LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hive Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ortega Complete Auto Repair, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Epiphany Rectory - Account No. 440445
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 612 E 112th St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2907-2909 W Logan Blvd
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for May Fest Chicago 2009
Free permit(s) for St.Rita of Cascia High School
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1323 S Michigan Ave Unit C-1st Floor
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3334 S Giles Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for P&P Auto Repair and Tire, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Three Chickens LLC - 4601-4611 S Michigan Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Three Chickens LLC - 4636-4652 S Wabash Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rots Express Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Addison Auto Glass, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gads Hill Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Car One Auto, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4710 N Ravenswood Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for South Chicago Auto Group, Inc. - Ashraf Arman
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1520 -- 1522 W Huron LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shakespeare 2900 LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Rectory - Account No.  428525
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rosenwald Courts Apartments LP of 20 Sandstone Court, LeClaire IA
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2323 W Roscoe Assn.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Rebuilders Collision Body Shop, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Car Outlet AC LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Prodigy Child Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rosenwald Courts Apartments LP
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Good Times Sports Bar
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1850 FCR LLC
Waiver of fees for Chicago Public Schools
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beef and Brandy Restaurant
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1514 N Leavitt St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Roselle Motors, Inc. d.b.a. Mi Tierra Motors
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Stephen Foster
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for El Milagro, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1241 N Milwaukee LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1545 W North LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sustainabuild LLC-2550
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tony's Auto Body 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for P and B Hand Carwash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access fors Promiseland Learning Center
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Halloween Franken Plaza
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 57th Street Art Fair 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Little Village Chamber of Commerce Festival Cinco de Mayo
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Public Building Commission
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Akara Partners LLC/Akara Development Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for South Chicago Janitorial
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Premier Tire Shop 1
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Optima, Inc. and Optima Center Chicago II LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Garrett, Steve
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Red Top Parking
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Glenwood Art's Festival - street closure
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Richard-Midway Funeral Home
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for New Urban Automotive, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5820 N Clark LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lutheran Church Day Care Center at 2921 W Division St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Garcia, Jose T.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for La Feria De Las Flores LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Insight Sign Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for All Things Possible for Kids
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sung Ko and Hwan K. Ko
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Juan's Tires
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Screenworks Supply
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Best Wheels Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1051 N Damen LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Progress, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Peter Porr, South-East Asia Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Haymarket RIe Holdings LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Heart Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Private Label Linens
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clark Auto Repair, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley accesss for Raza Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beverly Dialysis Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kids Academy LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SDK 67 Co. LLC
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority
Free permit(s) for Copernicus Foundation
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla School - Account No. 455720
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College Chicago and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago - Account Nos. 646440-358806,  358816-358816 and 716392-441095
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla Parish Office - Account. No. 428750

Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla School - Account No. 428744
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla Church/Rectory - Account. No. 440673
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Monica Church/Rectory - Account No. 443653
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Office Building - Account No. 593276-396727
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443608
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443606
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443067
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Church - Account No. 440726
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Rectory - Account No. 390696
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Juliana Church -  Account No. 440678
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana School - Account No.440679
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Alphonsus School - Account No. 441546

Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Alphonsus Convent - Account No. 428794
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Alphonsus Parish Center - Account No. 428793
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Andrew Rectory - Account No. 428837
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Alphonsus Rectory - Account. No. 441545
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana Rectory - Account no. 723655-605633
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Andrew Church - Account. No. 428838
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Andrew Chapel - Account No. 428839
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bonaventure School - Account No. 428463
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bonaventure Convent - Account No. 441625
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bonaventure Rectory - Account No. 441609
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bonaventure Church/School - Account No. 441608
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hedwig School - Account No. 441626
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hedwig Church - Account No. 323660
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana Parish Center - Account No.440680
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Helen Rectory - Account No. 442072
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Convent - Account No. 388410
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Helen School - Account No. 442074
Waiver of fees for Aspira of Illinois
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Eugene Parish - Account No.440729
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church/Rectory - Account No.440718
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Helen Convent - Account No. 442070
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Helen Social Center - Account No. 442073
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Convent - Account No. 440716
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Helen Church - Account No. 442071
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Latin United Community Housing
Association - Account Nos. 510560, 507720, 507748, 507745, 507875
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Josaphat Rectory - Account No. 428785
License fee exemption(s) for Admiral at the Lake, The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Mary of the Angels Parish Office - Account No. 428564
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Angels Church -  Accpunt No. 428563
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Angels School - Account No. 441619
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Angels Convent - Account. No. 441618
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Kostka School - Account No. 442228
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Kostka Rectory - Acount No. 442178
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Kostka Church - Account No. 442177
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stephen King of Hungary
Church/Rectory - Account No. 442069
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Teresa of Avila Church/Rectory - Account No. 428773
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Teresa of Avila Convent - Account. No. 428771
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Teresa of Avila School/Hall - Account No. 443492
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Grace Temple Holiness
Church - Account No. 593847-557673
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Admiral at the Lake, The
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Northwest Bible Chapel - Account No. 1149210
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kimon Gabrielatos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Curie High School
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Jingle Bell Run
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3252 W Victoria St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Apostolic Faith Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Northwest Home for the Aged - Account No. 856525-430063
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bede the Venerable
School - Account No. 439413
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Loop Synagogue
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea
Church/Hall - Account No. 562055
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Near North Health Services Corporation.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea
School/Convent - Account No. 443037
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine
Church - Account No. 439796
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine
Convent - Account No. 428246
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine
Rectory - Account No. 428245
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of the Universe
Church/School - Account No. 442965
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Building - Account No. 196662
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa School - Account No. 439823
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Church - Account No. 439824
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Sharp Center - Account No. 439842
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa
Rectory/School - Account No. 443024
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Turibius
Church/Rectory - Account No. 443047
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Turibius School - Account No. 439783
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Trinity Christian Fellowship
Cancellation of warrants for collectionfor CYC-Elliott-Donnelley Center - Account No. 3798
Cancellation of warrants for collection for New Life Pilsen Ministry - Account No. 336993
Cancellation of warrants for collection for New Life Pilsen Ministry - Account No. 336993
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 408 W Webster Ave
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Andersonville Midsommarfest Festival (2011)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Andersonville Chamber of Commerce Annual Sidewalk Sale
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3718 N Springfield Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4915 S Washington Park Ct
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pongs Auto Care, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Natural Foods Catering Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2825 Halsted LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Children's Learning Place Wrigleyville LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3406 Sheffield LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bethesda Home and Retirement Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Legacy Charter School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Juan's Tires Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kidz Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Citywide Disaster Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rachel's Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Osorio Metals Supply, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Transit Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 955 Grand Adventures LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 111 W Chestnut Row Homes LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smashotels Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Marwen
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tip Hand Car Wash, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1150 W Hubbard LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Campus Construction
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access Centrum Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2440 W Montrose LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Harborside Development
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Knightsbridge Acquisition and Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for El Taconazo
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for B&B Formica Corian and Granite, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mokin Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rogelio Ramirez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Webster Car Wash LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Miguel Juarez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Christian L-e-g Early Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Trafalgar Auto Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for ChiTown Fish and Seafood
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1510 W Division LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Kenyatta's Daycare Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Midwest Akido Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for LG Development Group LLC - 1647 N Milwaukee Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Salvation Army, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for LG Development Group LLC - 1643 N Milwaukee Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Queen of All Saints Parish
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Northeastern Illinois University - 5500 N St. Louis Ave - Dec. 31, 2011
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Church In Chicago, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Telshe Yeshiva Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Luke
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago - Account Nos. 646440-358806, 358816-358816, 716392-441095
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Joseph Hospital
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Our Lady of Mt. Carmel Parish
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Center on Halsted
Free permit(s) for Open Lands/Corlands for demolition and construction/creation of public park
Free permit(s) for St. John Berchmans Parish
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for True House of Holiness Church - Account No. 929685-442558
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority at 1324 N Cleaver Ave
Free permit(s) for Greater North Michigan Ave Assoc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Beverly Art Center - Account No. 635511-593822
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Beverly Art Center - Account No. 635511-593822
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Wright Hall Account No. 440898 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Rogers Park/West Ridge Historical Society
Free permit(s) for Tower Contracting  LLC
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 60 E Van Buren St
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lester and Rosalie Anixter Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Park Shore East Cooperative
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Olivet Baptist Church
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for West Lawn Chamber of Commerce - raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Parish Raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church Raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Turibius Church Raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Queen of the Universe Church Raffle
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Rogers Park Business Alliance - Account No. 255504
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for National Auto Group, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for L Escuelita No. 2
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Elite Imports
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Yummy Buffet
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Armour School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for BLK WHT Valet LLC
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Columns Condo Association 
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sheridan Carmen LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jesus People USA 
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Worldwide Transmission and Differential, Inc./Jim Skawski
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Instituto Progreso Latino
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Instituto Progreso Latino 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jose Hernandez of Quick Wheels
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Andrew's Greek Orthodox Church Festival
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Chicago Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Zion Church and Northwest Bible Chapel
Loan agreement, conveyance and fee waiver for Pullman Suites LP
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bethesda Home and Retirement Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lill Street Properties LLC Series
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1325 N Wells LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dakin Loft LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bright Beginnings Early Learning Center LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Used Car Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Delta Motors, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Scholars Club 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North Side Mosque
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First Financial Credit Union
Note cancellation and payment agreement with PrivateBank and Trust Company
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) Church/Rectory - Account No. 440370
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Lux Autospa 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Our Lady of Good Counsel) Church/ Rectory/School - Account No. 4428181
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 7436 N. Harlem Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago's Best Auto Sales & Service, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Blooming Bud Day Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CA Residential 1418 W Addison LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help Gym -  Account No. 440315
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mr. Ghita Pop of 6157 N Kenmore LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ms. Jill Metz
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Central Auto Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2736 Kedzie LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Unique Auto Sales & Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jewish Council for Youth Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Crooked Fork Brewing
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kasi Designs, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Xpress Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SNS Realty Group 2133 N Campbell LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College Chicago and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago - Account Nos. 716-441095 and 620997-457845
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kachadurian Group LLC, The - 851-855 W Grand Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for V&T Investment Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wilmot Construction, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Avers Court, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Luu Trung
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Franklin Holdings LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation Ezras - Account No. 440799
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Progressiveway Mission Church of God in Christ 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Road to Righteousness Daycare Center/New Home Missionary Baptist Church 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Free permit(s) for Roosevelt University - 430 S Michigan Ave, 50 E Congress Pkwy, 431 S Wabash Ave, 425 S Wabash Ave 421 S Wabash Ave and 509 S Wabash Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for DePaul University
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Museum of Broadcast Communications, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Joan Dachs Bais Yakov School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lawrence Hall Youth Services
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 795623-612909
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for New Horizon Center for the Developmentally Disabled
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lukaba Productions d.b.a. Stage 773
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority (various locations)
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Sts. Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Shriners Hospitals for Children
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2808 --2814 North Avenue LLC - 2814 N North Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2232 South Wabash Avenue 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pro Wheels Tire Shop and Custom Wheels
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Bronzeville Merchants, The Association
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for North Side Mosque
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Alphonsus Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1845 South Michigan Avenue 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for JFME Facilities Corporation - Account No. 459906-459906
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bickerdike Redevelopment Corporation 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bickerdike Redevelopment Corporation Housing
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Ambrose Rectory - Account No. 428069
Amendment of Municipal Code Chapter 13-32 by adding new Section 315 concerning fee waivers for LED retrofits
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ambrose School - Account No. 428068
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Residence - Account No. 196740
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Rectory - Account No. 864341-625504
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Church - Account No. 443139
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lawrence and California Auto Care Corp.
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Start Heart Walk
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2047 W Thomas St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Gym - Account No. 439814
License fee exemption(s) for International Association for World Peace, The, d.b.a. The Peace School
License fee exemption(s) for International Association for World Peace, The, d.b.a. The Peace School
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Greater Chicago Food Depository - Account No.  361936 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Johns Missionary Baptist Church - Account No. 783254 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Historic Pullman Center - Account No.755353
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Pullman Presbvterian Church - Account No. 737340 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Association - Account No. 339393
Cancellation of warrants for collection for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Association - Account No.339393
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi School/Gym, Account No. 442463
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Fatima (formerly St. Joseph and St. Ann) Gym - Account No. 440403
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for First United Methodist Church of Chicago Aid Society - sub space
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers - Account No. 350628-1 - conduit
Cancellation of warrants for collection for First Chicago Community of Christ - Account Nos. 1032972  and 714559 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes School - Account No. 442562
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation B'nei Ruven - Account No. 443677
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Hope Freewill Baptist Church - Account No. 290888
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Illinois Medical District - Account Nos. 520511, 799315-520573, 659478-596401, 520528, 902870-433647, 433544, 519535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Matthew-Gordon AME Zion Church - Account No. 438834
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Selfhelp Home - Account No. 440926
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 439006
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Smith - Account No. 795623-612910
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith -  Account No. 862398-625052
Free permit(s) for Fire Museum of Greater Chicago
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregations KINS of West Rogers Park - Account No. 440837
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for UNO Charter Schools
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1618 N Cleveland Ave
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Summer on Southport
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Belmont-Sheffield Music Fest (27th Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wrigleyville Summerfest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Pride Fest (9th Annual )
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Northalsted Market Days (30th Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Race to Wrigley (6th Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Global Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Friends of the Grape
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Race to Wrigley 5K Run
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Folk & Roots Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Rib Fest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Children's Easter Egg Hunt
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Children's Halloween Event
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Family Fest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Christkindl Market
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lincoln Square Chamber Farmers Market
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Apple Fest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for C
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for German American Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Northside Summerfest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Motorcycle Parade
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for June Jam
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Ravenswood Run
Free permit(s) for Designs for Change
Free permit(s) for Greater Bethlehem Healing Temple
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Free permit(s) for Mother McAuley High School 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Living Witness Apostolic Church - Account No. 441257-441257
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Community Centers of Chicago - Account No. 440804-440804
Free permit(s) for JFMC Facilities Corp.
Free permit(s) for JFMC Facilities/Migdal Oaz
Free permit(s) for JFMC Facillities Corp./Joy Faith Knapp Children's Center
Free permit(s) for Agudath Israel of West Rogers Park, Inc.
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 439006-439006
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 795623-612910
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College Chicago and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago - Account No. 441094-441094; 441098-441098
Free permit(s) for Lincoln Park Society
Free permit(s) for Children's Memorial Hospital
Free permit(s) for Sarah's Circle
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian Rectory - Account No. 438539
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 9744397
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Vincent DePaul Center - Account No. 631576-593259
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Windy City RibFest in Uptown
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Old Town Art Fair (62nd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wells Street Art Fair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for LaSalle Street Church Annual Block Party
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Randolph
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception
Rectory/School/Convent - Account No. 438521
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Rectory - Account No. 438523
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 428165
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation/Sampson-Katz Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for KC's Academy of Child Education at 3110 N Sheffield Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bickerdlke Redevelopment Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Orkin Pest Control
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Abdul Qader-Wizard Auto Meter Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Harry Brandt
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Olga Gonzalez 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 71 South Wacker Drive  
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Classic Auto Center Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jill Krawczyszyn
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Housing Authority, Fisher Building
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jasimine Services Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fox Glen Medical Clinic
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1313 Randolph Partners LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Noble Network of Charter Schools - Johnson College Prep
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council
Letter of confirmation on filing of 2014 Real Estate Exemption Application on behalf of The University of Chicago  
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Philip Neri Convent - Account No. 429136
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi Church - Account No. 428504
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for B&G Auto Therapist, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Park View Rehab Center Realty LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Next Tires Services and Recycling
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Great Expectations Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wicker Park Scooter Rentals
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Church -  Account No. 443697
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gil Valdez and Jayne Ciastro, owners of A to Z Auto Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access  for Oso Tire Repair 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access  for Autospa, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access  for Lincoln Park Imports Services  LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Classic Auto Repair LLC 
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3815 North Kedzie LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cal-mont LLC 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Ministry Center - Account No. 440957
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fabian Contractors, Inc. on behalf of Aardvark Ventures III LLC
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for New 37th Ward Gospel Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 61st Street Farmers Market
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Church/Rectory - Account No. 442210
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation B'nei Ruven - Account No. 443677-443677
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Vilna Convent - Account No. 428403
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Church - Account No. 428526
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mad Science
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Felicitas Convent/School - Account No. 439184
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Convent - Account No. 441982
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Home of the Child/Cuidar -  Account No. 1053445
Free permit(s) for Holy Trinity High School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Notre Dame de Chicago Church - Account No. 428455
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Urban Pooch Training and Fitness Center
Free permit(s) for Beverly Arts Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Bronzeville Merchants, The Association
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Deborah's Place - Account No.  584520
Cancellation of warrants for collection for New Life Pilsen Ministry - Account No. 336993 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for New Life Pilsen Ministry - Account No. 336993
Bond inducement ordinance and fee waiver for Goldblatt's Senior Living
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 16th Ward Spring Fling
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 311 W Eugenie St
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. George Greek Orthodox Church Picnic
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Church of the Three Crosses Annual Fundraiser
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1200-1208 N Ashland Ave and 1600-1612 W Division St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Prime Quest 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for  Astoria Place
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Khal Ohr Yisocher Chodrov
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Two Brothers Q Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Meat Authority, Inc., The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kenneth  Pappas, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lakeview Employment Group
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1st Motors, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Davis Lakefront LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Soundz Good, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sheridan Grande South Assn.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Church/School - Account No. 439856
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gardening Unlimited 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Blessed Communion & Kingdom Minded
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 33 East Bellevue Condominium Association 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fawaz Wachaa
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ahmad Elkhafib (ATS Beverages)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mr. J's Auto Repair 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Spotlight Automotive Group  LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Convent/School - Account No. 428528
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for High Point Auto, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Amethyst Shane
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Baker Development Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Profus Construction
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Maximo Colon
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kreative Kidz Learning Academy
Free permit(s) for Cornerstone Community Outreach
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 795623-612909 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 862398-625052 
Free permit(s) for Progressiveway Mission Church of God in Christ
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Fraternite Notre Dame Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Mount Ebal Baptist Church -  Account No. 438757
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Salvation Army Ray and Joan Kroc Corp Community Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Art Institute of Chicago, The
Waiver of fee(s) for Chicago Loop Alliance
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Agnes of Bohemia Schoo - Account No. 428414
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Khal Ohr Ysiocher Chodrov
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Methodist Home, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Edgewater Chamber of Commerce, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Clement Parish
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Agnes of Bohemia Convent - Account No. 537325
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Second Church of Christ, Scientist of Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for The Moody Church, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Association House of Chicago
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Agnes of Bohemia Church - Account No. 428415
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Casa Central Social Services Corp.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Hartwell, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Viator Parish
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Agnes of Bohemia Rectory - Account No. 440461
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for John G. Shedd Aquarium
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Adler Planetarium
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Epiphany Church - Account No. 536404
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Epiphany School/Convent -   Account No. 440460
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Shepherd Parish Center/Convent - Account No. 440469
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College Chicago and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago - Account Nos. 646440-358806 and 716392-441095 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Shepherd Rectory - Account No. 440468
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Shepherd School -  Account No. 536844
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Agnes of Bohemia School/Hall/Gym - Account No. 440442
Free permit(s) for Edgebrook Lutheran Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Latin United Community Housing Assn. (LUCHA)
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian School - Account No. 439747
Free permit(s) for Holy Trinity High School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian School - Account No. 428317
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No. 794475
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Chicago Historical Society -   Account No. 441501-441501 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Francis Borgia Church - Account No. 41537 
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1739 N North Park Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 415 W Roslyn Pl
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Little Black Pearl Workshop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dilcy Gandy
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Polar Plunge (11th Annual)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Village West Veterinary at 840 N Western Ave
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Paintbrush Ball 2011
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Sheffield Garden Walk and Festival (43rd Annual)
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King School - Account No. 438974
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Rectory - Account No. 438666
Free permit(s) for Beverly Art Center
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Convent - Account No. 428057
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Redtwist Theater
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Boys & Girls Club of Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Selfhelp Home Inc., The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Sacred Heart Schools
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at  311 W Eugenie St 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Craft Beer Summit
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1200-1208 N Ashland Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1725 N Fern Ct
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11247 S Forrestville Ave
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Glenwood Sunday Market
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lakeview Music and Sausage Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Blues Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Jazz Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Chicago
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Community Art Fair 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Lincoln Avenue
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Sheffield Garden Walk and Festival (43rd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Festival de La Villita (22nd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Kids and Kites Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Celebrate Clark Street Festival - street closure
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Celebrate Clark Street Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Glenwood Arts Festival
Loan agreement, provision of affordable housing tax credits and fee waiver for New Mom, Inc.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Joseph Hospital
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) Convent - Account No. 440372
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former St. Maurice) Rectory/School - Account No. 440427
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former St. Maurice) Church/Convent -  Account No. 440409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nativity of Our Lord Church/ Rectory/School - Account No. 443152
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help School - Account No. 440332
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help School - Account No. 440332
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help Rectory - Account No. 428177
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help Church - Account No. 478178
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Lucia- Santa Maria Incoronata School - Account No. 440298
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Convent - Account No. 428215
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Church - Account No. 428216
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Rectory - Account No. 440091
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel School - Account No. 428214
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for DePaul University 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Croatian Church/Rectory - Account No. 440295
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Croatian School/Convent - Account No. 440296
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara School - Account No. 440319
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Rectory - Account No. 440324
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony Church - Account No. 428169
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints- St. Anthony Convent - Account No. 428172
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony Rectory - Account No. 428170
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St.Anthony School - Account No. 428171
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Church - Account No. 435755
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Parish Center/Convent - Account No. 428173
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jarvis & Farwell House - Account No. 444808-444808
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for JFMC Facilities Corp - Account No. 447292-447292
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Childrens Bureau of Chicago - Account No. 691591-599957
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels School - Account No. 541555
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels School - Account No. 443138
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Chu - Account No. 541556
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Church - Account No. 541557
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Convent - Account No. 439817
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet School - Account No. 439818
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet School - Account No. 439836
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Convent - Account No. 428057
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle School - Account No. 439947
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle Church/School - Account No. 428083
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Cardinal Meyer Center - Account No. 440273
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Rectory - Account No. 439404
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas More School - Account No. 442958
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Rectory - Account No. 439816
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Paul Rectory - Account No. 428400


Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi Church - Account No. 428367 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rene Goupil Rectory - Account No. 439882
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Richard School - Account No. 440186
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Church,.  Account No. 440205
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Parish Center - Account No. 728187-605947
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ann Church - Account No. 428380
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ann School - Account No. 428379
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Parish Center - Account No. 728178-605948
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adalbert Convent - Account No. 428378
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adalbert Rectory - Account No. 428376
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Rectory - Account No. 439757
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Shrine of Our Lady of Pompeii Convent - Account No. 443237
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Shrine of Our Lady of Pompeii Church - Account No. 442458
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Providence of God School -  Account No. 428372
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian School - Account No. 428317
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Adrian School - Account No. 439747
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Rectory/School - Account No. 428409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Convent - Account No. 439403
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Church/School/Hall - Account No. 428410
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Convent - Account No. 440424
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) Church/Rectory - Account No. 440167
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) Convent - Account No. 428200
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Rectory - Account No. 442249
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) School/Hall - Account No. 440168
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory - Account No. 442241
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Tepeyac Elementary School -  Account No. 440410
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory - Account No. 442240
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory -  Account No. 442239
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name Residence - Account No. 442333
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name School - Account No. 442331
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle School - Account No. 440165
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve Church - Account No. 441776
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve School - Account No. 428672
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Church - Account No. 428236
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Rectory - Account No. 428235
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes School - Account No. 442562
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius Rectory - Account No. 440194
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius Church - Account No. 440173
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes School - Account No. 442562
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Croatian Church/School - Account No. 428473
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius School - Account No. 428192
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius Convent - Account No. 428191
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gall Parish - Account No. 443035
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco Church/Rectory - Account No. 440183
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco Convent - Account No. 440177
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco School -  Account No. 440176
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno Church - Account No. 440202
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Good Samaritan - Account No. 523325-523325
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno Rectory - Account No. 440184
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Maternity B.V.M. Convent - Account No. 428616
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Maternity B.V.M. Church -  Account No. 428615
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Maternity B.V.M. School - Account No. 443407
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Rectory/Hall - Account No. 428199
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the Redeemer (Sts. Peter and Paul Romanian Catholic Mission) - Account No. 441666
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs School - Account No. 428198
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Parish Center - Account No. 428196
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs School - Account No. 428195
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Church -  Account No. 428194
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi Convent - Account No. 428505
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius School - Account No. 503044
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius Convent - Account No. 442142
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi Rectory - Account No. 442022
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Canisius School -  Account No. 441939
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi Church -  Account No. 442019
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Rosary Church - Account No. 428560
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Bosco School - Account No. 441819
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Rosary Rectory - Account No. 428561
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Help of Christians School - Account No. 441900
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus Rectory - Account No. 428680
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace Convent - Account No. 441720
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace Rectory - Account No. 441758
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace
Church/School - Account No. 443466
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Convent - Account No. 441633
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus Church - Account No. 441272
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Rectory - Account No. 428643
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
School/Gym - Account No. 441630
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Church - Account No. 441635
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Church - Account No. 438589
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Convent - Account No. 428164
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe School - Account No. 438515
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe School - Account No. 438507
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Rectory - Account No. 438514
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Convent -  Account No. 428156
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Offices - Account No. 428157
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Church - Account No. 438528
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Chapel - Account No. 438527
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian School - Account No. 438501
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian School - Account No. 438540
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian Church/Convent - Account No. 438508
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Kevin Rectory - Account No. 438622
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Kevin Church/School - Account No. 438639
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George School - Account No. 438492
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George Rectory - Account No. 438535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George Church/School - Account No. 438536
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Rectory/Parish Center - Account No. 438546
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales High School - Account No. 438500
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Elementary School - Account No. 438493
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Church - Account No. 438545
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian School - Account No. 438582
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for St. Florian Rectory - Account No. 442939
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian Hall - Account No. 442929
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian Church/School -  Account No. 442920
Free permit(s) for UNO Charter School Network
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church - Account No. 428113
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata School - Account No. 438511
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 438560
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 442937
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for Our Lady of Lourdes School - Account No. 442562
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for St. Jerome Rectory/School/Hall/Gym - Account No. 443700
Free permit(s) for 4020 N Tripp Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities  Corporation/Jarvis House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation/Farwell House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation/Swartzberg House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation/Levy House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Carlson Communities Services
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for National Latino Education Institute
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Found Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Noble Network of Charter Schools/Muchin College Prep
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Marist High School - Account No. 1145450
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr Church - Account No. 441813
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Rosary Parking Lot Spigot - Account No. 865810-626037
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Maternity B.V.M. Rectory - Account No. 441988
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Rosary Hall - Account No. 428562
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Canisius Church/Rectory - Account No. 441940
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Bosco Church -  Account No. 441816
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr School fee(s) - Account No. 443411
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Help of Christians School - Account No. 428629
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel School - Account No. 428803
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Church/Rectory - Account No. 428800
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Church - Account No. 428859
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Church - Account No. 440807
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Early Childhood Center - Account No. 440815
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Recto - Account No. 428858
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Gym - Account No. 428907
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Seminary - Account No. 942975-445154
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius School - Account No. 428861
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Convent - Account No. 441057
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel Convent - Account No. 428802
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Church - Account No. 416113
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Brother Rice High School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Hall - Account No. 428860
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Rectory - Account No. 440958
Free permit(s) for St. Xavier University
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude School - Account No. 428863
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Activity Center - Account No. 440788
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Transfiguration of Our Lord Rectory - Account No. 440973
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Transfiguration of Our Lord
Church/School - Account No. 428901
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Paul Convent - Account No. 428397
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Gym - Account No. 441009
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great High School - Account No. 441015
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Convent - Account No. 428885
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Rectory - Account No. 428883
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Residence - Account No. 441030
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Elementary School - Account No. 428886
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Paul School - Account No. 428398
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Residence - Account No. 441031
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pius V Parish - Account No. 442470
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Office -  Account No. 428531
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Rectory/Convent - Account No. 428533
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata Church - Account No. 442198
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata - Account No. 442189
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata School/Convent - Account No. 442197
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church -  Account No. 74827-598279
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Procopius School - Account No. 442469
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission Church - Account No. 428536
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission School - Account No. 428535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission Rectory/Convent - Account No. 428537
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Therese Chinese Catholic Mission Church/Rectory - Account No. 428501
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Convent/School - Account No. 428528
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Therese Chinese Catholic Mission School - Account No. 440302
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Croatian Rectory - Account No. 428472
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Paul Church - Account No. 428399
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Peace School - Account No. 428107
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Peace Church - Account No. 428108
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Peace Convent - Account No. 428110
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Convent - Account No. 428530
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ailbe Residence - Account No. 438678
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents School - Account No. 428529
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Rectory - Account No. 428525
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ailbe Convent - Account No. 147324
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ailbe Rectory - Account No. 438661
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Church/Rectory - Account No. 441977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Gym - Account No. 441977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception School -  Account No. 442223
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Felicitas Rectory - Account No. 439212
Free permit(s) for St. Rita of Cascia High School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Bulls College Prep
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Columbia College
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for Queen of All Saints Church/School/Covenant - Account No. 882034-631310
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Korean Catholic Church/Catholic Rectory/Convent - Account No. 441250
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome School - Account No. 440794
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Convent - Account No. 441604
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for John Paul II Newman Foundation - Account No. 837454-516326
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael 24th PI. School - Account No. 440417
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Croatian Church - Account No. 291607
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Croatian Convent - Account No. 428474
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Church - Account No. 428642
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Holy Family Church - Account No. 272744
Free permit(s) for Mexican Fine Arts
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oriental Arts Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gus Kokkalias
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Creative Designs
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11323 S St. Lawrence Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4858 S Kenwood Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11131 S Champlain Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Last Stash LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chiquita Ash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Perlmark Realty Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for ICCI Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tyron Rivera of MTC Autobody
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tishman Corporation of Illinois
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 800 N Clark St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chief Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dolores Secor/Red Top Parking
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pooch Hotel
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Phillip's Flowers & Gifts
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Noble Network of Charter Schools at 3645 W Chicago Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3912-3918 N Damen LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bulley & Andrews
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nugent Builders/Senan Nugent
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SCG Oak LLC - Garfield Park Series
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for RDG Fund-5 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nahrain Khaya, NFP, R&B Tire Shop, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Virage LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for OG Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jocquell Mays/Auto Spa Car
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Edward Lee Swanigan/Fats Auto Repairs
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Quickie Wheels LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&J Tires
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Donald Canova/Wizard of Cars
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shorewind Towers, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hamilton Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Walmart Stores Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Giant Leaps Learning Center, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Park Boulevard Phase IIA, LLC
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 57th Street Art Fair 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Community Art Fair 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jarvis & Farwell House -  Account No. 444102-444102
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Childrens Bureau of Chicago - Account No. 651591-599959
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Target Corporation
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chestnut Row Homes, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Learning through Play Center LLC 
Free permit(s) for Jesus People USA
Free permit(s) for Gill Park Co-Op
Free permit(s) for Preston Bradley Center
Free permit(s) for Five Holy Martyrs
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Antique Market, The
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Neighbors United Carnival (1st Annual)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Amethyst Shane
Loan agreement, associated bond issuance and fee waiver for Park Boulevard IIA, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Montana Sheffield LLC 
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 3-12-050 concerning senior citizen exemptions for persons residing in townhomes, condominiums or cooperative apartment units
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 5450-5484 S South Shore Dr
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Northhalsted Halloween Costume Parade
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Party at St. Mike's 2011 Party
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Asian American Coalition Festival (2011)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Manny Joseph Mobile Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5454 S. Shore Dr. LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sean Derrig
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Friedman Place
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McKinley Moore House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Ronald McDonald House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Edgewater Chamber of Commerce
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Christopher Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for New General Auto Body
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Reach for the Stars Daycare Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McKinley Davis House
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Woofer Electronics 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5361 N Harlem Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North Park Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Leader Wash,  Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary-School - Account No. 443089
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nativity B.V.M. Convent - Account No. 443045
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nativity B.V.M. Church/School - Account No. 439744
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Gate of Heaven
School/Rectory - Account No. 442936
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bride Church - Account No. 439093
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bride Convent - Account No. 439095
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bride Rectory - Account No. 439094
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bride School - Account No. 439073
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bronislava Convent - Account No. 438518
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bronislava Rectory - Account No. 438517
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary Magdelene Church Schoo - Account No. 43910.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary Magdelene Hall - Account No. 439079
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary Magdelene Hall Account No. 439107
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Church/Annex - Account No. 439099
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Convent - Account No. 439081
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Pre-School - Account No. 566577
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Rectory - Account No. 439098 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael School - Account No. 439082
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nativity B.V.M. - Account No. 439761
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rita of Cascia Church - Account No. 428240
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rita of Cascia Rectory - Account No. 428241
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rita of Cascia School - Account No. 428239
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for King Lockhart Park Memorial Park Number 558
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McKinley Hammond House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McKinley Danforth House
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Loretto Hospital
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Newcastle Limited
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Heart of Mary
Rectory - Account No. 443098
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary Church - Account No. 440129
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Anselm Church/Rectory - Account No. 428280
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary Building - Account No. 440132
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Solace Rectory -  Account No. 428260
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Basil/Visitation Convent - Account No. 440141
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John of God School - Account No. 544155
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rita of Cascia Parish Center - Account No. 561290
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael the Archangel Church - Account No. 428206
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael the Archangel Rector - Account No. 428210
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael the Archangel Convent/Rectory. Center - Account No. 428211
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary Building - Account No. 546967
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary Building Account No. 428205
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Anselm Convent -- Account No. 428278
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Anselm School - Account No. 428279
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Basil/Visitation School - Account No. 611711-591649
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael the Aichangel Social Center - Account No. 440125
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict the African-East Recto - Account No. 428284
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict the African-East Gym - Account No. 443032
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict the African-East
Church/School - Account No. 428285
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary-Residence - Account No. 850613-621185
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Cross-Immaculate Heart of Mary-Youth Center - Account No. 428202
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 5714 N Ridge Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth Convent - Account No. 441718
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth Church - Account No. 441763
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth School - Account No. 441766
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth Annex - Account No. 327018
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James Rectory - Account No. 441779
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for St. James Hall - Account No. 443414
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James Convent - Account No. 441795
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Philomena Church - Account No. 428613
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for St. Philomena Rectory - Account No. 443457
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Notre Dame High School - Account No. 443413
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for owners of property at 1522 W Fillmore St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Family House for Single Mothers, Totus Tuus Foundation - Account No. 799085-492042
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Childrens Bureau of Chicago - Account No. 691591-599958
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Childrens Bureau of Chicago - Account No. 691591-599957
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2159 W Caton St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Childrens Bureau of Chicago - Account No. 691591-599959
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for I&R Tire Shop
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Providence of God Church - Account No. 428371
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Providence of God Rectory - Account No. 428370
Free permit(s) for McKinley Knight House
Free permit(s) for Rebuilding Together Metro Chicago
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for JFMC Facilities Corp - Account No. 447292-447292
Free permit(s) for Roseland Community Hospital, The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Leo High School - Account No. 439349
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 862398-625052
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 795623-612909
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict the African-West Church/School - Account No. 428304
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict the African-West Rectory - Account No. 428303
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sabina
Church/School/Rectory - Account No. 428328
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sabina Office - Account No. 439344
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sabina Convent - Account No. 439331
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sabina Safe House - Account No. 718921-605297
Free permit(s) for Kate Starr Kellogg School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sabina Safe House - Account No. 660938-596703
Waiver of special license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Viator Parish Raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Bartholomew Parish Raffle
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Gate of Heaven
School/Church - Account No. 442935
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for University of Illinois
Cancellation of warrants for collection - Account No. 1069256
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Cook County c/o US Equities - Account No. 271406
Cancellation of warrants for collection for John G. Shedd Aquarium - Account No. 274183
Cancellation of warrants for collection for John
G. Shedd Aquarium - Account No. 263333
Cancellation of warrants for collection for John G. Shedd Aquarium - Account No. 266966
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 442937
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Amphion Engineering, Inc.
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Queen of All Saints Basilica - tent installation
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Convent - Account No. 441633
Free permit(s) for Columbia Explorers Academy
Free permit(s) for Five Holy Martyrs
Free permit(s) for Greater Chicago Food Depository, The
Free permit(s) for Pope John Paul II School
Free permit(s) for St. Bruno
Free permit(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco
Free permit(s) for St. Gall
Free permit(s) for St. Simon the Apostle
Free permit(s) for UNO Charter Schools - 4248 W 47th St
Free permit(s) for UNO Charter Schools - 5050 S Homan Ave; 3400 - 3438 W 51st St
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - occupation of space
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - occuplation of space
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for All Saints Cathedral Parish Cemetery/Polish National Parish  - gas pipe line
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s)  for South Chicago Parents and Friends
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Flexible Service & Construction, Inc., d.b.a. E&E Builders
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&P Auto, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Young's Auto Service, Inc., d.b.a. Montrose Auto Clinic
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Castles and Kings LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Michael Loukas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2250 W Madison, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Golden Fish & Chicken
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3224 N Elston LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nook Daycare 2 LLC, The
License fee exemption(s) for Lakeview Chamber  
Free permit(s) for Thorek Memorial Hospital - water/sewer inspection fees
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Gate of Heaven
School/Church - Account No. 442935
Free permit(s) for Mount Olive Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for property at 2326-2334 W Foster Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Living Hope Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Feline's, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gifted Children Academy, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for TKO Autodynamics
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Navy Pier Incorporated, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nation of Islam/Salaam Restaurant and Bakery Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Elite Industries
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Planned Parenthood
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Heart of Mary School - Account No. 441279
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Athenaeum Theater
License fee exemptions for Athenaeum Theatre - Acct. No. 82074
License fee exemption(s) for Athenaeum Theatre Code 1006
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Resurrection (St. Francis Xavier, St.Veronica) Church/Parish Office - Account No. 428658
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Resurrection (St. Francis Xavier, St. Veronica) School - Account No. 443451
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Resurrection Rectory -  Account No. 443462
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mercy Church/Rectory - Account No. 441374
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mercy Convent - Account No. 441372
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mercy School - Account No. 441375
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Heart of Mary Church - Account No. 441269
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Heart of Mary Rectory - Account No. 441278
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Heart of Mary School Account No. 428691

Free permit(s) for Pullman Wheelworks
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Rose Hill MB Church - Account No. 440544-440544
Free permit(s) for Life Convenant Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for South Shore Hospital
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Johnny Eric Auto Repair
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Centre Latino - Account No. 272797
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Little Village Chamber of Commerce Wellness and Back To School Fair
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary School - Account No. 428906
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wells & Erie LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1728 Division LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fresenius Medical Care of Illinois
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Castles and Kings LLC
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Midwestern Christian - Account No. 1448092
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Family House for Single
Mothers, Totus Tuus Foundation - Account No. 799085-492042
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lakeview Lutheran Block Party
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Edgewater Arts Festival
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 852 N Hermitage Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 7000 S Constance Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2907-2909 W Logan Blvd
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Salem Baptist Church Carnival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Gertrude Catholic Church Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Hip-Hop Stop the Violence Block Party 2011
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Bastille Day 5K/8K Run and Block Party within 44th Ward
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 57th St Children's Book Fair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Bastille Day 5K/8K Run and Block Party within 43rd Ward
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wild Pig Roast and BBQ (2nd Annual) - street closure
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wild Pig Roast and BBQ (2nd Annual) - itinerant merchant and food vendor 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Innervision Dance Cooperative sidewalk sale
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Old School Reunion Picnic (21st anniversary)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Alderman JoAnn Thompson's 4th Annual Music Fest
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Flexible Services & Construction, Inc. d.b.a. E&E Builders
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1524-1534 N Pulaski LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Via Veneto Condo Assn.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for KMDM Properties
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Maribis of Chicago LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet School -  Account No. 439818
Waiver of certain fees for Amtrak in conjunction with Union Station renovation
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Church - Account No. 439822
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Residence - Account No. 196740
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Daniel the Prophet Convent - Account No. 439817
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception School - Account No. 442223
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata Rector - Account No. 442197
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Rectory/Convent - Account No. 428533
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius School - Account No. 300482
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Church/School - Account No. 428532
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Church/Rectory - Account No. 442210
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Convent - Account No. 441982
Free permit(s) for Westtown Chamber of Commerce 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Church - Account No. 428526
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents School - Account No. 428529
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents Convent - Account No. 428530
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents School - Account No. 428527
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Church/Rector - Account No. 441977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Residence - Account No. 439857
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission
Rectory/Convent - Account No. 428537
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission School - Account No. 428535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Convent - Account No. 428319
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Church - Account No. 428316
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Rectory - Account No. 439816
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Church/School - Account No. 439856
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Gym -  Account No. 439814
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rene Goupil Rectory - Account No. 439882
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas More School - Account No. 442958
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Rectory - Account No. 439404
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Church - Account No. 439409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet School - Account No. 439836
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Residence - Account No. 435239
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel School - Account No. 428803
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel Hall - Account No. 428804
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Church/Rectory - Account No. 428800
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Church - Account No. 439409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Adrian Church amd Account No. 428316
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel School - Account No. 428214
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Convent - Account No. 428215
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Lucia- Santa Maria Incoronata School - Account No. 440298
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Lucia- Santa Maria Incoronata Church/Rectory - Account No. 440306
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Croatian School/Convent - Account No. 440296
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Croatian Church/Rectory - Account No. 440295
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nativity of Our Lord Church/ Rectory/School 3710 S Lowe  Ave- Account No. 443152
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help Rectory - Account No. 428177
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpetual Help Gym - Account No. 440315
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony School - Account No. 428171
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Church - Account No. 428216
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara School - Account No. 440319
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Rectory - Account No. 440324
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Rita of Cascia High School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Our Lady of Good Counsel) Church/ Rectory/School - Account No. 4428181
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Church - Account No. 438528
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Offices - Account No. 428157
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Norword Park School PTA
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Rectory - Account No. 438514
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Residence - Account No. 574146
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe School - Account No. 438507
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe School - Account No. 438515
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Convent - Account No. 428164
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Rectory/Social Center - Account No. 442928
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Church - Account No. 438589
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata School - Account No. 438511
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Greater Faith M.B. Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church - Account No. 428113
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Rectory - Account No. 438523
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian Church/School - Account No. 442920
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation, d.b.a. The Living Room Cafe - 806 E 64th St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian Hall - Account No. 442929
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian Rectory - Account No. 442939
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Helen's Catholic Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Florian School - Account No. 438582
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Church - Account No. 438545
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Elementary School - Account No. 438493
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales High School - Account No. 438500
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis de Sales Rectory/Parish
Center - Account No. 438546
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George Rectory - Account No. 438535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George Church/School - Account No. 438536
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. George School - Account No. 438492
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Kevin Church/School - Account No. 438639
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Kevin Rectory - Account No. 438622
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian Rectory - Account No. 438539
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian School - Account No. 438540
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian School - Account No. 438501
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Chapel - Account No. 438527
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 428165
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Annunciata Church - Account No. 438560
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace Rectory - Account No. 441758
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace
Church/School - Account No. 443466
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Grace Convent - Account No. 441720
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus Rectory - Account No. 428680
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Convent - Account No. 441604
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester School - Account No. 441667
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Al Medina Auto Repair & Body Shop
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius School - Account No. 428861
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Church - Account No. 441635
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Rectory - Account No. 441634
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Advance Board Up Unlimited, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dollar Zone
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus Church - Account No. 441272
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus School - Account No. 441271
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Gym - Account No. 441009
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Rectory/Hall - Account No. 428199
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Metro Loan Stores LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno Church - Account No. 440202
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco School - Account No. 440176
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Church - Account No. 428859
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Hall - Account No. 428860
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Church - Account No. 416113
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Convent - Account No. 441057
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Convent - Account No. 428057
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ambrose School - Account No. 428068
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle School - Account No. 439947
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle Rectory - Account No. 428084
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Cardinal Meyer Center - Account No. 440273
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Church - Account No. 541556
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels School - Account No. 541555
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Elementary School - Account No. 428886
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard School - Account No. 440186
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Convent - Account No. 428885
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Transfiguration of Our Lord Rectory - Account No. 440973
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Transfiguration of Our Lord Church/School - Account No. 428901
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Reciory - Account No. 440958
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Schoo - Account No. 428863
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude Mmistry Center - Account No. 440957
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Church - Account No. 440205
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Fatima (formerly St. Joseph and St. Ann) Gym - Account No. 440403
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) Convent - Account No. 428200
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) School/Hall - Account No. 440168
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Aglona Rectory - Account No. 487767
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius Church/Rectory - Account No. 442096
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Tepeyac Elementary School - Account No. 440410
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius Convent - Account No. 442142
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco Convent - Account No. 440177
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius School - Account No. 503044
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clare of Montefalco Church/Rectory - Account No. 440183
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Aloysius School - Account No. 503043
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mark Church - Account No. 442086
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Pancratius Convent - Account No. 428191
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Pancratius Convent - Account No. 440173
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mark Convent/School - Account No. 509149
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mark School - Account No. 442077
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius School - Account No. 428192
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Rectory - Account No. 428235
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mark Rectory - Account No. 428583
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Church - Account No. 428236
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Rectory/School - Account No. 428409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Convent - Account No. 440424
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Convent - Account No. 428197
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs School - Account No. 428198
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Rectory/School/Hall/Gym - Account No. 443700
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome Church - Account No. 440807
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Activity Center - Account No. 440788
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Seminary - Account No. 445154
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Aglona Church - Account No. 428572
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Korean Catholic Church/Catholic Rectory/Convent - Account No. 441250
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve School - Account No. 428672
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve Convent - Account No. 441825
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Archbishop Quigley Pastoral Center - Account No. 428752
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory - Account No. 442240
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name School - Account No. 442331
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name Cathedral - Account No. 442332
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Church - Account No. 428758
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Rectory - Account No. 442249
Free permit(s) for Franciscan House of Mary and Joseph
License fee exemption(s) for Smith Village
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Marist High School - Account No. 274762
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Thresholds Grais Apartments - Account No. 79687
Waiver of annual fire pump flow test inspection fee(s) for Portage Park School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Peter N. Partpilo at 7237 W Devon Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mike's Complete Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gus Kokkalias
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Vogue Cleaners
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Busy Bee Learning Center, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2311-2329 N Bosworth Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Marcms Tire and Wheels/Zaya Khaya
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Thermal Electrical
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North Clark LLC
Call for passage of Illinois Senate Bill 1488 to increase homestead exemption and call on Chicago City Council to consider creation of City property tax rebate program
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Autos Aprobados, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aqua Child Care, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Stellar Wireless Chicago Group, Inc.  
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for John Grus Corp. on behalf of Norflo Holding Corp.  
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wash Express
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lion Club Enterprises
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kamran Auto Exchange
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aldito Muffler, Brake & Suspension
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Olympic Dodge
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smashy Hand Car Wash
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wells Street Art Festival (37th Annual)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Windy City Real Estate
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mev Bucktown LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Primary Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fox Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for The Grove at Lincoln Park Living and Rehabilitation Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Anytime Fitness
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Logan Square Farmers Market
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bronislava Church/School - Account No. 428112
Landmark fee waiver for property at 215 E Cullerton St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Residence - Account No. 745447-108016
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rita of Cascia School - Account No. 198634
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jon Cignarale
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago's Greekfest (62nd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 2011 Southeast Side Summer Fest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Farragut High School Alumni Picnic
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Austin Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Harvest 2011
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Milwaukee Avenue Arts Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Streeterville Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Korean Street Festival (16th Annual)
Free permit(s) for Learn Charter School
Free permit(s) for New Life Covenant
Free permit(s) for Humboldt Park Social Services
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Mesivta Lubuvitch - Account No. 766023-427012 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Libena Foundation - Account No. 927267-927267
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Bemard Horwich Center (JCC/CJE) - Account No. 440804-440804 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Price Group Home (JCFS) - Account No. 454058-454058 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Rosenberg Group Home (JCFS) - Account No. 441067-441067 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Swartzberg Houe - Account No. 443686-443686 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Erie Elementary Charter School
Free permit(s) for Notre Dame Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Pat Crowley House 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Misericordia - Account No. 895662-633646
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Misericordia - Account No. 920418-446136 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Misericordia - Account No. 443627-443627
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Children's Bureau of Chicago Jewish Child & Family Services - Account No. 691591-599959 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Children's Bureau of Chicago Jewish Child & Family Services - Account No. 691591-599957 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael the Archangel School - Account No. 428207
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation - Account No. 447292-447292 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jewish Children's Bureau of Chicago Jewish Child & Family Services - Account No. 691591-599958 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Ida Crown Jewish Academy - Account No. 443702-443702 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Misericordia - Account No. 440969-440696 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Summerdale Community Church-Summerdale Community Church
Free permit(s) for UIC College Prep
Free permit(s) for Pui Tak Center - 2263 S Wenthworth Ave
Free permit(s) for Pui Tak Center -2212-2220 S Wentworth Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Frarris of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Church/Rectory - Account No. 441977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Jesuit College Preparatory School
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Providence St. Mel School  
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Shriners Hospital for Children - Account No. 441803-441803
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Richard Parish
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Kimball Avenue Evangelical Congregational Church
Free permit(s) for PCC Community Wellness Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Union League Boys and Girls Club - Club One 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for All Saints Episcopal Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Methodist Hospital of Chicago
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph School - Account No. 440119
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Antioch Missionary Baptist Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation at 3504 - 3518 W Lake St
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Irving Park Lutheran Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Misericordia Heart of Mercy
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Shriners Hospital for Children
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Swedish American Museum
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph School - Account No. 440136
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for South-East Asia Center
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Beverly - Account No. 275097
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Account No. 274929
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Beverly - Account No. 274898
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Beverly - Account No. 29757
Cancellation of warrants for collection for El Hogar del Nino - Account No. 273665 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Rectory - Account No. 440135 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for El Hogar del
Nino (The Home of the Child/Cuidar) - Account No. 86759 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Beverly - Account No. 29757 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith Community - Beverly - Account No. 29757
Cancellation of warrants for collection for National Museum of Mexican Fine Arts - Account No. 273578 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for National Museum of Mexican Fine Arts - Invoice No. 273578 
Cancellation of warrants for EI Hogar del Nino (The Home of the Child/Cuidar) - Account No. 86759
Cancellation of warrants for collection for El Hogar del Nino - Account No. 273665
Free permit(s) for Abraham Lincoln School
Free permit(s) for Straford Church Building - 500 W 119th St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for St. Hyacinth School/Hall - Account No. 441723
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2018 W Cortez St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property located at 322 W Willow St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James Church/School - Account No. 441793
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3334 S Giles Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ferdinand Convent -  Account No. 441848
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ferdinand Church/Rectory - Account No. 441794
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4533 N Dover St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nacho's Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Paul Dukach
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CP MOK Properties LLC, d.b.a. Home Run Inn Pizza
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Aloysius Catholic Church at 1510 N Claremont Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Aloysius Catholic Church at 1501 N Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lopez Plumbing Systems, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cora Properties
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for PCC Community Wellness Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Archdiocese of Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Monkey's Tire Shop and Auto Glass/Martin Cruz
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for James D. Thybony/Thybony Paint and Wallpaper
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Bartholomew Parish
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Onyx Architectural Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wabash to Michigan on Pershing Road, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1601 North Milwaukee Property LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Angels Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Amer Fakhouri/Sati Auto Body and Broadway Auto Body Shops
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Loyola University Chicago at 6229 N Winthrop Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Carmen Sanchez/Three Star and Service,  Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Vitantonio Barbanente/Vtone Fitness
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1925 S Michigan Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation Kins - Account No. 440837-440837 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation Bnei Ruven - Account No. 443677-443677 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation Ezra - Account No. 440799-440799 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Lubavitch of Chicago - Account No. 446996-446996 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Congregation Shaari Torah - Account No. 440842-440842 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Labavitch Mesivta of Chicago - Account No. 854835-426773
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Timothy (Chicago Archdiocese) - Account No. 428909-428909 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Southeast Side Summer Fest (2011)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Grand Boulevard Federation Carnival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Sabados de Verano
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Brilliant Corners of Popular Amusements
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aloysius Catholic Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aloysius Catholic Church at 1510 N Claremont Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Thresholds - fire escape
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth School - Account No. 441766-441766
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth Convent - Account No. 44178-441718
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hyacinth Church - Account No. 327018-327018
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Chicago Historical Society - Account No. 441501-441501
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Moody Bible Iristitute - Account No. 428774-428774
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Shearith Isreal Congregation - Account No. 440835-440835
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Henry's Parish - Account No. 441054-441054
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Marist High School - Account No. 439054-439054
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 439006-439006
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 862398-625052
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Daughters of St. Mary of Providence long term care facility - Account No. 443541-443541 and Account No. 443535-443535
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Greater Open Door MB Church - Account No. 290205-290205
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Peggy Notabaert Nature Museum/Chicago Academy of the Sciences
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago History Society/Chicago History Museum
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Second Church of Christ, Scientist of Chicago/Christian Science Reading Room
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McCormick Boys and Girls Club of Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Our Lady of the Resurrection Medical Center - 6808 W Belmont Ave and 3210 N Oak Park Ave - Oct. 16, 2011 through Oct. 15, 2013 (o2011-6596)
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Our Lady of the Resurrection Medical Center (38th Ward)
Free permit(s) for St Paul Catholic Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Latin United Community Housing
Association, (LUCHA) - Account No. 510560-510560
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Missionary Sisters of Christ the King - Account No. 799085-492042
Free permit(s) for East-West University
Waiver of permit fee(s) for Beverly Hills Tennis Club at 9121 S Hamilton Ave - Permit No. 1070476
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Marist High School Annual Public Assembly
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for St. Ann's Church
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Mt. Carmel Baptist Church - Account No. 440249-440249
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for All Kids/Family Health Fair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St Viator Rock the Lot (2nd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Farmers Market
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Greece 2011
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Food Truck 2011 (1st Annual)
Waiver of special license and/or permit fee(s) for Christian Fellowship Church Raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for South Shore Annual Jazz Fest
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shining Star Day Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tomasz Strezelczak
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lafayette School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for El Original Chavas Tacos, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jacqueline Dao
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gomez Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Montessori 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Home Run Gas and Mini Mart LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lafayette Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lincoln Square Athletic Kids Club
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Young Scholars Development Institute
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Repair and Rebuilder Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Azteca Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nuevo Concilio de Jeruselem
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jorge Correa
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Trans O Matic/John Bozzi
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for property owners at 1100 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Attica Body Shop, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto MD Mobile Vehicle Repair LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for B&L Automotive Repairs,  Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Viceroy Hotel Limited Partnership
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Festival Guadalupe
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2850 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11232 S Langley Ave
Waiver of special events license and/or permit fee(s) for Farmers Markets
Cancellation of warrants for collection for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Account No. 1068502
Submission of public question to Chicago voters concerning elminination of exemption from Real Property Transfer Tax for transfers as result of foreclosure
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for New Extreme Auto & Body, Inc.  
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Eckhart Park Run to Fun 5K - street closure
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Rose Hill MB Church - Account No. 440544-440544
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Caribbean Carnival Association
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Dickens Fest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wells Street Fall Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for WTTW Kids Fun and Run
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Save the Lake event
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Harvest Jam
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Ravenswood Remix
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 182 W Lake St and 201 N Wells St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4929 S Washington Park Ct
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Quarry Event Center/Ernest and Suzanne Armstrong
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Walgreens
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Agudath Israel of W Rogers Park
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jacqueline Dao First Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aranda Tire Shop/Juana Guzman
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Phillip Lutheran Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for  A Securecar Collision, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Star Auto Express
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ortiz Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for DaVita Dialysis Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Metropolitan 1 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Inner City Youth Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North and Talman III Limited Partnership at 1620 N Talman Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North and Talman III Limited Partnership at 1605 N Washtenaw Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North and Talman III Limited Partnership at 1618 N Talman Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North and Talman III Limited Partnership at 1619 N Washtenaw Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bucktown Auto Works at 1701 W North Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wolcott School at 524 N Wolctt Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First InSite Realty
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Brandi Anderson
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Peppercorn 113 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for HighRise Baking Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lez Enfants Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Children of Tomorrow Learning Center,  Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clothes Pin
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Alverna Group
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Priscilla Church/School -  Account No. 441143.Account No. 441143
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. William Church - Account No. 441804
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis Borgia School - Account No. 441146
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis Borgia Parish Center - Account No. 443534
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. William Rectory - Account No. 443427
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. William Convent - Account No. 441805
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Mother of the Church Church - Account No. 474820
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Mother of the Church School - Account No. 443554
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Mother of the Church School - Account No. 443558
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis Borgia Rectory - Account No. 441152
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Mother of the Church Rectory - Account No. 443556
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clement Parish Center - Account No. 428780
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Cardinal's Residence - Account No. 443297
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Lake Church - Account No. 441438
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas of Canterbury
Parish Center - Account No. 447651
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas of Canterbury Church - Account No. 428848
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Sorrows Church -  Account No. 443234
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Sorrows School - Account No. 443235
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Martin de Porres Church - Account No. 428514
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Martin de Porres Church/Rectory - Account No. 441893
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Martin de Porres Hall - Account No. 442001
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Martin de Porres School - Account No. 512837
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Roman Parish - Account No. 440415
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Sorrows Rectory - Account No. 443236
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Turibius Church/Rectory -  Account No. 443047
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Turibius School - Account No. 439783
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bede the Venerable
Church/Rectory/Parish Center - Account No. 439401
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea Church/Hall - Account No. 562055
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea Rectory - Account No. 439843
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea
School/Convent - Account No. 443037
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church - Account No. 439796
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine Convent - Account No. 428246
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine Rectory - Account No. 428245
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine School - Account No. 439802
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of the Universe Church/School - Account No. 442965
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of the Universe Rectory - Account No. 439395
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa School - Account No. 439823
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Church - Account No. 439824
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Sharp Center - Account No. 439842
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Symphorosa Rectory/School - Account No. 443024
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bede the Venerable School - Account No. 439413
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. William School - Account No. 441830
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Convent - Account No. 388410
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443606
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443607
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods School - Account No. 443608
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana Church - Account No. 440678
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana School - Account No. 440679
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Convent - Account No. 440716
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church/Rectory - Account No. 440718
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Church - Account No. 440726
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana Parish Center - Account No. 440680
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Eugene Parish Center - Account No. 440729
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Rectory - Account No. 390696
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Eugene School - Account No. 858227-623502
Waiver of fee for permit(s) for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Juliana Rectory - Account No. 723655-605633
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla Church/Rectory - Account No. 440673
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla School - Account No. 428744
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla Parish Office - Account No. 428750
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thecla School - Account No. 455720
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Monica Church/Rectory - Account No. 443653
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Old St. Patrick's Church/Rectory/School - Account No. 442425
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Old St. Mary's Church/School - Account No. 518481
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Old St. Patrick's Office Building - Account No. 588339
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Old St. Mary's Office Building - Account No. 640937-518480
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Malachy Church - Account No. 442028
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Party at St. Milke's (2011)
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Malachy Parish Center - Account No. 505958
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James Rectory - Account No. 428053
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James School/Hall - Account No. 440224
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. James Church/School - Account No. 440225
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Old St. Mary's Rectory (owned by the Missionary Society of St. Paul the Apostle) - Account No. 629821-429599
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Malachy Rectory - Account No. 428484
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Precious Blood Rectory - Account No. 428458
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Fisher Church/Rectory - Account No. 438984
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barnabas Church - Account No. 438999
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Christina School - Account No. 439051
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Christina School - Account No. 439060
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Christina Rectory - Account No. 439052
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Christina Convent - Account No. 439046
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Christina Church - Account No. 439053
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King School - Account No. 442886
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King School - Account No. 438974
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Church - Account No. 438972
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Rectory - Account No. 438666
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Parish Center/Gym - Account No. 438973
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Christ the King Church - Account No. 438922
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Cajetan School - Account No. 442852
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Cajetan Rectory - Account No. 439044
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Cajetan Church/Convent/School - Account No. 439008
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barnabas School - Account No. 438977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barnabas Rectory - Account No. 438976
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barnabas Convent/Pre-School - Account No. 438978
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Mission - Account No. 428355
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Marist High School - Account No. 439054
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Walter Rectory - Account No. 442881
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Walter Church/Convent/School - Account No. 439017
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Fisher School/Convent - Account No. 438983
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Cornelius
Church/Rectory - Account No. 440758
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Constance Convent - Account No. 440759
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Constance Rectory - Account No. 440761
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Tarcissus School - Account No. 440737
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Edward School - Account No. 441233
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Edward
Church/Convent - Account No. 443561
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Victory Rectory - Account No. 428726
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Victory Rectory - Account No. 441200
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Victory
Convent - Account No. 428728
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for A Little Bit of Heaven - Account No. 580704-580704
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Clement Church/Rectory - Account No. 428781
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bartholomew Convent - Account No. 428715
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bartholomew Parish Center - Account No. 441175
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bartholomew School - Account No. 441185
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bartholomew Rectory - Account No. 441191
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ladislaus Rectory - Account No. 441172
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ladislaus School - Account No. 441188
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ladislaus Church - Account No. 441182
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ladislaus School - Account No. 441181
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pascal School - Account No. 441179
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pascal Convent - Account No. 441192
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pascal Parish House - Account No. 428719
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pascal Church - Account No. 441193
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Robert Bellarmine School/Convent - Account No. 441195
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Robert Bellarmine Church - Account No. 441178
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Robert Bellarmine Rectory - Account No. 441173
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Viator Church/Rectory - Account No. 441225
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Viator School - Account No. 441223
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Viator Convent - Account No. 441224
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Viator Rec. Center - Account No. 441243
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes School - Account No. 441467
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for McKinley Knight House
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes Church/Rectory - Account No. 428879
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict School - Account No. 441311
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Matthias Church - Account No. 428896
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Matthias Hall - Account No. 428892
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Carter Temple CME Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Matthias Convent - Account No. 428893
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict Parish Center - Account No. 428829
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict Church/Rectory - Account No. 428828
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict Convent - Account No. 428827
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Salvation Army ARC, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation 4554 N Broadway
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of Angels Church/School - Account No. 441286
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of Angels Rectory - Account No. 441376
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Andrew Gym - Account No. 428831
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Matthias Transfiguration School - Account No. 428894
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Benedict Gym - Account No. 441305
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Evangelical Lutheran St Philip Child Care Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Greenhouse Theater Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Deborah's Place
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St Vincent De Paul Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Pilgrim Lutheran Church/School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for German American National Congress/D.A.N.K. House
Free permit(s) for the Catholic Bishop of Chicago d.b.a. St. Aloysius Parish Center
Free permit(s) for Center for Neighborhood Technology
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Independence Park Advisory Council
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Selfhelp Home, The - Account No. 440926-440926
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gertrude School - Account No. 440934
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ita Rectory - Account No. 428873
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ita Church - Account No. 428872
Waiver of fee(s) for Westside Health Authority
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lawndale Christian Development Corp.
Free permit(s) for Mercy Sterling NFP, LLC 
Free permit(s) for Circus in the Park
Waiver of fee(s) for Living Witness Learning Daycare
Free permit(s) for Commercial Park Advisory Council
Free permit(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce
Free permit(s) for WPB
Free permit(s) for Schwab Rehabilitation Hospital
Free permit(s) for Mt. Sinai Hospital
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Acme Missionary Baptist Church - Account No. 907209-738980
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inner Voice Inc., The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Telshe Yeshiva College Chicago and Rabbinical College of Telshe Yeshiva Chicago
License fee exemption(s) for 826CHI - Street Level Youth Media
License fee exemptions for 826CHI - Wolcott School
License fee exemptions for 826CHI - Community Counseling Centers of Chicago
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chinese American Service League, Inc - raffle
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Beverly Hill Tennis Club - Account No. 29539
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. ID AC8060
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. ID AC22408
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. ID AC4574290
Cancellation of warrants for collection for St. Henry's Catholic Church - Account No. ID AC412836
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Ebenezer Baptist Church - Account No. ID AC384681
Free permit(s) for Midnight Circus 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Mother McAuley High School Annual Public Assembly
Free permit(s) for St. Pancratius
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Michael Missionary Baptist Church - Account No. 606221
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lincoln Square Chamber, Craft Beer and Food Pairing Event
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Urban Assault Ride
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - occupation of space
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Autozone
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Missionary Sisters of Christ the King - Account No. 799085-492042
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 10-8-335 to regulate license and permit fee waivers for outdoor special events
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for MPC Gala -street closure
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Here Comes the Sun Cancer Awareness (2nd Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for "Ignite the Spirit" Oktoberfest
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beyond Auto Repair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Here Come the Sun Cancer Awareness (2nd Annual) - street closure
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Restoration Missionary Baptist Church - Account No. 933730-438827
Free permit(s) for Community Counseling Centers of Chicago
Free permit(s) for Street Level Youth Media
Free permit(s) for Wolcott School
Free permit(s) for Center for Neighborhood Technology
Free permit(s) for Center for Neighborhood Technology
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Truc Lam Buddhist Temple
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for New Age Services Corp.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago West Side Christian School
Free permit(s) for Windy City Habit for Humanity
Free permit(s) for Lubavitch Chabad of the Loop and Lincoln Park
Free permit(s) for Amate House
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Council for Jewish Elderly - Account No. 444119-444119
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Jarvis - Farwell House - Account No. 444808-444808
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Nathalie Salmon House - Account No. 444126-444126
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Warren Family Health Center
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Illinois Medical District - various accounts
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Core Foundation, The 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Hebrew Theological College - Account No. 447082-447082 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Hebrew Theological College - Account No. 447083-447083 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boys and Girls Club
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Brooker Family Health Center
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 2866 W Palmer St
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries - 3211 W Carroll Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries - 3334 W Carroll Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries - 3330 W Carroll Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Taylor Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Access at TPAN (Test Positive Awareness Network)
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for South State Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Church/Catholic Church Archdiocese of Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Westside Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for ACCESS Doctors Medical Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Peterson Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for South-East Asia Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for ACCESS Community Health Network
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Steppenwolf Theatre Company
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Moody Church, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for West Division Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for ACCESS at Lindblom
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for ACCESS at Marquette School
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095812
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095813
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095814
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095815
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095818
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095822
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1096401
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1096406
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1096407
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for installation of Camp Douglas historical marker
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No. AC3519507
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Beverly Hill Tennis Club - Account No. 29539
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095434
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095436
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095437
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095441
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for Quad Communities Development Corporation - Permit No. 1095442
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 550 and 559 W Surf St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11415 S Forrestville Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Juan Rangel
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Apple Seeds Learning Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Glensaul LLC - Signature Bank
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Frankfort Auto Sales & Service, Inc. at 7218 S Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&R Glass and Windows
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for New Einstein's Academy, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wolcott School at 524 N Wolcott Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bucktown Auto Worksat 1701 W North Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Green Wheels
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Zinfandel Investments, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Humboldt Park Social Services/Center for Changing Lives
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Loyola University Student Housing
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for All  Builders LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Carsons Group, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Payless Discount Muffler & Brake Shop III at 3824 W Roosevelt Rd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Payless Discount Muffler & Brake Shop III  at 3818-3824 W Roosevelt Rd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for EMI Iron Works Corp
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mecamex Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for D.L. Moffet LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for American Osteopathic Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tenorio Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Topetes Auto Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1045 W Cornelia LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nik's Auto Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1524-1534 N Pulaski LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Tempered Glass
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Orlando Lopez Construction, Inc. and 4336 Drexel LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Boulder Real Estate Group LLC
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Hyde Park Arts and Crafts Adventure (6th Annual) 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North and Talman III Limited Partnership 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 399 Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1759 N Harlem Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Century Plating Company,  Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for John DeHelean/Best Auto Repairs
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mardi's Whiz Kidz
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Windy City Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mayne Annex, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tareq Korkis
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smart Stuff
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Armitage Auto House,  Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Variety Meat Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&N Bavarian Motors Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for No Name Custom, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rider's Needs, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bahr Co., The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cicero Archer NRG LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3636 Storage Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Frankfort Auto Sales & Services, Inc. at 7218 S Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Reach for the Stars Child Care Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for UZR, LLC
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 919 N Dearborn St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2258 W Iowa St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3207 S Calumet Ave
License fee exemption(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Chicago Archdiocese (St. Henry Catholic Church - Account No. 428899-428899
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Irish American Heritage Center -  Account No. 471869-471869
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Holy Bethel Fire Baptized Holiness Church of God
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for St. Malachy Church and Rectory
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Prayer Center Baptist
Church - Account No. 571687-571687
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Orthodox
Church in America Diocese ofthe Midwest - Account No. 586207-586207
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Church in Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Northeastern Illinois University - 5500 N St. Louis Ave - Dec. 31, 2013
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Salvation Army
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Telshe Yeshiva Chicago
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for North Park University
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Black Ensemble Theater
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Loyola University Chicago (period ending October 15, 2012)
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Loyola University Chicago (period ending August 15, 2013)
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Brandon Family Health Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Congregation Khal Chasidim
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Wicker Park Bucktown Chamber of Commerce
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Midwest District of the Christian and Missionary Alliance - Account No. 885214-494526
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Midwest District ofthe Christian and Missionary Alliance - Account No. 712924-428614
License fee exemption(s) for Chicago Housing Authority for 3605 W Douglas Blvd
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for All Saints Parish
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for LaSalle Street Church - occupation of space
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Smith Village - Account No. 28376 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Armitage Hardware - Account No. 334246
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church - raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Turibius Church - raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for West Lawn Chamber of Commerce raffle
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Queen of the Universe Church - raffle
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s)  for Good Samaritan - Account No. 523325-523325
Waiver of special events license and/or permit fee(s) fee for Plaza  Garibaldi event
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Erie Elementary Charter School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Church of St. Ita
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mex Flavor/Ernesto Hernandez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for ABC Daycare
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Simon Cruz
Loan agreement and associated fee waiver for Borinquen Bella LP                                                                                                                    
Loan agreement and associated fee waiver for Resurrection Project
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Ronald McDonald House - Account No. 865276-625741
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Highway Church of God - Account No. 291841-291841
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Fernwood United Methodist Church - Account No. 256092-256092
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Highway Church of God - Account No. 291841-291841 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Loyola University Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for FCI Incorporated
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for La Isla Pequena, Inc.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for International Museum of Surgical Science
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 38 Little Angels Home Daycare, Inc.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Roosevelt University - 430 S MIichigan Ave, 50 E Congress Pkwy, 431 S Wabash Ave, 425 S Wabash Ave, 421 S Wabash Ave, 501 to 509 S Wabash Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1552-1554 N Milwaukee Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Canelo Tires 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Family House for Single
Mothers, Totus Tuus Foundation - Account No. 799085-492042
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Glenwood Art Festival
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Celebrate Clark Street Festival
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rollin Rides Auto Sales, Inc. at 7407 S Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Moran Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Belmont Condominiums
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Olveras Fender/Bender
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Malvaes Solutions/Jesse Malvaes
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Century Plating Company, Inc.
Exemption from phyiscal barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kids Network Academy, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Best For Less Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fresh and Clean Car Wash/Douglas Greer
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sailfish Automotive, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MTR Transtech, Inc., d.b.a. Universal Transmission
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for C&S Pizzeria No. 2
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Majestic Tire Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Julius Meinl North America
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Maria Cavillo
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for United in Faith Lutheran Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for La Rabida Children's Hospital
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for American Legion Post No. 87
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Moorish Science Temple of America
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation - 2235 N Hamilton Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation - 3820 N Spaulding Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lincoln Foundation, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Sunlight of the Spirit, d.b.a. Global Coffee and Cargo
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Friends of the Chicago River
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Jerry Wald - fence
Waiver of community identifier sign permit fee(s) for Sauganash Woods Homeowners Association
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) fee for Jerry Wald - deck
Waiver of fee(s) for Englewood Mennonite Church
Free permit(s) for Christopher House
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3014 W Palmer Blvd
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for National Latino Education Institute - 2011 W Pershing Rd
Waiver of fee(s) for Bear Necessities Cancer Foundation 
Free permit(s) for Englewood Mennonite Church
Waiver of fee(s) for Greater North Michigan Avenue Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Motorcycle Mania, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ten East Delaware Place Condo Assn.
Waiver of special event license and permit fee(s) for Glenwood Sunday Market event
Free permit(s) for Breakthrough Urban Ministries  
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3734 N Harding Ave 
Free permit(s) for Englewood Mennonite Church 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
School - Account No. 441632
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Diversey Child Care Center
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Pitchfork Music Festival
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for God's Little Helper, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wonder Montessori School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Life Storage Centers LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bonilla's Tire Shop/Elena Juarez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Okay Auto Sales/Jose Marquez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Open MRI of Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Services of Chicago, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nicky's Complete Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Thorndale Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Columbus Mufflers & Brakes, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mustard Seed Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hearn Center of Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Alshore Nursing Home
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Community Auto Repair Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Kiddies Day Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for General Auto Service Station LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for White Oak Properties Group
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pro-Architect, P.C.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Robert M. Kowalski
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Blue Magic Car Wash
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for UNO Charter School Network
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2602 W Chicago Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2601 W Chicago Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2820 W Chicago Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2652 W Chicago Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2703 W Chicago Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2130 N Fremont St
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2801 W Chicago Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 806 N California Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 811 N California Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Francis W. Parker School at various buildings within 43rd Ward
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Free permit(s) for Liberty Temple Church of God in Christ
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Easter Seals Metropolitan Chicago
Free permit(s) for Old Town School of Folk Music 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Latin United Community Housing Assn. - Account Nos. 510560 -510560, 507720-507720,  507748-507748, 507745-507745, 507875-507875
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No.289533
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No. 832226
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No. 795623-612909
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Smith Village - Account No. 862398-625052
Cancellation of warrants for collection for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Assn. - Account No. 1084326
Cancellation of warrants for collection for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Association - Account No. 1084317
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Chicago Latvian Zion Church - Account No. 289122
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Gildas Club Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smart from the Start Preschool and Day Care 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Milwaukee Daycare 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for VFW Post 1284
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wilmot Construction
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Little Black Pearl Workshop
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Housing Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rudy's Muffler and Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sanabel Bakery
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Amba Bhavani Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Vitantonio Barbanente
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for City Winery Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for GSH 2121 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Crown Coin Meter Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Laundry World
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sidney Tires & Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Leslie Shankman School Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3923-3927 N Clarendon,  Inc.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Asian Human Services
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Salvation Army, The
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Uptown Baptist Church
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for LaSalle Street Church
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3846 S Lake Park Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1008 W Armitage Ave
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Cook County Administration Building
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2225 W Augusta Blvd
Expression of support for inclusion of Poland in U.S. Visa Waiver Program
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Redemptive Tabernacle Church - Account No. 886904-438853
License fee exemption(s) for LaSalle Foundation Account 20473
Free permit(s) for Villa Guadalupe Senior Services, Inc.
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Campus Crusade for Christ - Account No. 289123
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Andersonville Farmers Market
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity High School - Account No. 428358
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Parish Center - Account No. 728178-605948
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception Church - Account No. 674827-598279
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata Rectory - Account No. 442189
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Catholic Bishop of Chicago, The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Maria Addolorata Church - Account No. 442198
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Francis of Assisi (formerly Our Lady of the Angels) Gym - Account No. 441977
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Trinity Polish Mission Church - Account No. 428526
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Convent -  Account No. 439403
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Rectory - Account No. 439757
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Camillus
Church/School/Convent/Rectory - Account No. 439854
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Church/School - Account No. 439815
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Rene Goupil Church/School - Account No. 439867
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis School - Account No. 442989
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Four Seasons Super Wash, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Rectory - Account No. 864341-625504
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mosmi's Coin Laundry
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gabriel Rectory - Account No. 440091
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of Perpettial Help Church - Account No. 478178
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony Church - Account No. 428169
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Canine Rescue
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former St. Maurice) Rectory/School - Account No. 440427
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Leasing & Management Co., Inc.
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for New Holy Nativity Romanian Orthodox Church
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony Rectory - Account No. 428170
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for All Saints-St. Anthony Convent - Account No. 428172
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11318 S Forrestville Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Parish Center/Convent - Account No. 428173
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Barbara Church - Account No. 435755
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former St. Maurice) Church/Convent - Account No. 440409
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Misericordia Heart of Mercy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oso Tire Repair
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) School - Account No. 440369
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) Convent - Account No. 440372
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) Church/Rectory - Account No. 440370
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Our Lady of Good Counsel) Convent - Account No. 440367
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel Convent - Account No. 428802
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Convent - Account No. 428156
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas of Canterbury
Rectory - Account No. 428847
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception
Rectory/School/Convent - Account No. 438521
Free permit(s) for St. Anthony Hospital
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Sacred Heart Croatian Church/Conven - Account No. 438508
Free permit(s) for Spirit Wrecking
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lion Club Enterprises
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Rectory - Account No. 428643
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
School/Gym - Account No. 441630
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ignatius Rectory - Account No. 428858
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
School - Account No. 441632
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Residence - Account No. 441030
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fast Auto Repairs, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Residence - Account No. 441031
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester Church - Account No. 428642
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Rectory - Account No. 428883
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno School - Account No. 428201
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno Rectory - Account No. 440184
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels School - Account No. 443138
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Church - Account No. 443139
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Church - Account No. 441042
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ambrose Rectory - Account No. 428069
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Gym - Account No. 428907
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle Church/School - Account No. 428083
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Cardinal Meyer Center - Account No. 440272
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Metro Baptist Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for M&R Auto Body/Robert Pudelko
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for West Loop 1300 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aspira Inc. of Illinois at 2989 N Milwaukee Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nitols Associates LP/Duke Animal Hospital
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Church - Account No. 541557
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aspira Inc. of Illinois at 3017-3025 N Monticello Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Rectory - Account No. 616141
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Quinn Chapel AME - Account No. 428050-428050
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great High School - Account No. 441015
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Church - Account No. 428884
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Richard Parish Center - Account No. 728178-605947
Exemption of certain provisions of Municipal Code Titles 13 and 17 concerning signage associated with Wrigley Field
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mary Sears Children's Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2007 Sedgwick Condominium Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Public Building Commission of Chicago at 6000 N Broadway
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Immaculate Conception (44th Street) Church/Rectory - Account No. 440167
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Asian Human Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bart Nierzwicki
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Stephen Napleton
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Johnson School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for National Shopping Plazas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Frank's Chicago Shrimp House
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Colletti's, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Plus of Chicago, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Advance Auto Parts
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gall Parish - Account No. 443035
Free permit(s) for Catholic Bishop of Chicago, The
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Pancratius Rectory - Account No. 440194
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Convent - Account No. 428238
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Lakeshore Hospital - Clarendon Pavilion
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Church/School/Hall - Account No. 428410
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for C&V Goodfellas, Inc./Goodfellas Automotive
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Plus of Chicago, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Centerpoint Marketing
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle School - Account No. 440165
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Church - Account No. 428194
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs School - Account No. 428195
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Parish Center - Account No. 428196
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Early Childhood Center - Account No. 440815
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jerome School - Account No. 440794
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Margaret Mary Church - Account No. 443697
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of All Saints Church/School/Covenant - Account No. 882034-631310
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Zayu Auto Repair/Peter Spyropoulos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Brite Dental/Dr. Fadi Aqel
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve Church - Account No. 441776
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve School - Account No. 441824
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory - Account No. 442241
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Peter Church/Rectory - Account No. 442239
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name Residence - Account No. 442333
Free permit(s) for Quinn Chapel AME
Free permit(s) for Maryville Crisis Center
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Zion Lutheran Church - Account No. 812258
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pacheco Tire Shop No. 2/Zeferino Pacheco
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Express Tire Repair/Ubaldo Santos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Eagle Tire Shop 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Epiphany Church 
Free permit(s) for All Around Amusement, Inc. 
Exemption of public way use permit fee(s) for R.D.G. Management - 537 W 31st St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for John Bronski
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ssyal Ginseng House
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lichter Properties
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for S&J Automex
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bob Randquist
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Andy's Collision Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for National Shopping Plazas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lots of Love, NFP
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for University of Chicago, The at 5610 S Drexel Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for University of Chicago, The at 5751 S Woodlawn Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Unlimited Transmission and Repair, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Alpha Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2829 North Natoma LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Euro Furniture/Richard Racana
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Emmanuel De Armas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Horse Thief Hollow
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clark Pointe Properties, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Meade Electric Company, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Just Kids Dental/Ricardo Mendoza
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ron Mendoza
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 5 de Mayo Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Cinco de Mayo  Annual Festival 
Exemption of public way use permit fee(s) for R.D.G. Management
Exemption of public way use permit fee(s) for Dreamscape Nails
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kurt Kruger
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Milos Hand Wash and Detail
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2917 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11318 S Forrestville Ave
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 20th Ward Washington Park Community Carnival
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2778 N Milwaukee Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2051 W Evergreen Ave
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Ambassadors for Christ - Account No. 294451 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph Village of Chicago Franciscan Communities - Account Nos. 769667-609863, 769667-609861, 769667-609862
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Constance School - Account No. 440760
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for TD Capital Investments
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for May Street  LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Helen's Catholic Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Torres Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for OK Auto Repair and Body
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Arlington Glass and Mirror Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ogden Partners Deming LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Quest Realty Group
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Damen 4 Management of Illinois, LLC, a.k.a. Aligned Modern Health
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Half Acre Beer Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hayes Properties
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bartholomew Church - Account No. 441190
Cancellation of warrants for collection - Account No. 1069256
Waiver of fees for Teen Living Program, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kreative Kidz Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mya Hand Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Car City Carwash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for WCN Preservation Associates Limited Partnership
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Monaco Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Korean American Community Services/Moogong Terrace
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 7453 North Western Avenue Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Loyola University Chicago at 1215-1229 W Albion Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Conrad Roofing of Illinois, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pep Boys Manny, Moe and Jack of California, Inc., The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for property at 6125 N Broadway
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for property at 1127 W Granville Ave
Free permit(s) for Faith Tabernacle Number 1
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4921 S Dorchester Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 550 and 559 W Surf St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3632 N Harding Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Craig Williams Landscaping
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for TemPo Auto Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Brau Hause Condominium Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fit Dog Chicago, Inc. at 1518 N Throop St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for University of Chicago, The at 5751 S Woodlawn Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Liz-Ney-Land Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Columbus One Stop Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for One Stop Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Crown School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for NLP Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Muni Motors, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Alpha Parking Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Courtenay School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Prime Quest Management/Eli Stefansky
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Murray Language Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2335 S Wentworth Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Loyola University Chicago at 1215-1229 W Albion Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Loyola University Chicago at 6550 - 6558 N Sheridan Rd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 319 W Concord Pl
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Greater Food Depository - Account No. 275299
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2907-2909 W Logan Blvd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for property at 1127 W Granville Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Independence Park Advisory Council at 3945 N Springfield Ave 
Amendment of Municipal Code Chapters 17-9 and 17-13 by authorizing administrative adjustment waiver for personal services within business zoning districts
Waiver of public way use permit fee(s) for El Hogar Del Nino
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Christian Leg Early Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for East West Trading Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for L&L Academy and Preschool LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3507 North Wilton  LLC 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Open Kitchens, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Salvation Army, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Roman's Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Village Truck Tires
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Slidematic Products Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Monica Olvera
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Berteau Lowell Plating Works
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Brauh House Condominium Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lakewood Iron
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for O&J Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Western Body Shop Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Archimax, Inc./Daniel Drag
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Culinary Sales Support,  Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fit Dog Chicago, Inc. at 1518 N Throop St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Arabesque Dance
Waiver of community identifier sign permit fee(s) for Sauganash Park Community Assoc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jake's Auto Body Repair, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Antiques on Old Plank Road, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Inksmith, Inc. 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Northwestern University Settlement House
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 10756 S Champlain Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1133 N Damen Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4616 N Dover St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for North Ridge Cleaners, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for AMR
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Image Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Community Counseling Centers of Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Three TwinsII LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1601 W Division LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Merit Concrete, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for South Chicago Detail Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pearl Auto Spa, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for University of Chicago, The at 5757 S University Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Northwest Autoworks, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ethel F. Kanter LLC/Easy Car Credit, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Joseph and Rosalia Pecoraro
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jasson Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chase Bank - 4730 W 79th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Domain Group LLC, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for B.I.G. Baseball Academy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rollin Rides Auto Sales, Inc. at 7417-7419 S Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chase Bank at 4730 W 79th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Madison/Aberdeen Partners LLC/Viktor Jakoljevic at 20 -22 N Aberdeen St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Madison/Aberdeen Partners LLC/Viktor Jakoljevic at 4 N Aberdeen St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for McDonalds/Midan, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Opine Properties/Amin Andani
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Happy Kids Day Care Center LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Premier Scholastic Preschool
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Donna Terry and Jessica Terry
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MCO Motorcars, Inc./Martin Okpala
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Winthrop House LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Elston Ace Hardware/The Rental Center at 2829 W Belmont Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Halloween Warehouse at 2841 W Belmont Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Halloween Warehouse at 2829 W Belmont Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Qualtex Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Midwest Bancard Corp
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Youth Outreach Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ultimate Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Brokers 26th Street LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mr. Sargon Rasho
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wilmot Construction, Inc. at 1929 W California Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for DLS Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Elston Ace Hardware/The Rental Center at 2841 W Belmont Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1422-1426 N Milwaukee Ave
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Northwest Home for the Aged - Account No. 856525-430062
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bede the Venerable
Church/Rectory/Parish Center - Account No. 439401
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Nicholas of Tolentine
School - Account No. 439802
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr Convent - Account No. 443412
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wilmot Construction, Inc. at 1935 N California Ave
Free permit(s) for A Little Bit of Heaven
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Juan F. Ocampo
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Zhairoz
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Olivia Bleszko
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jose Rodriguez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kaya Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hernandez Tire Shop Warehouse
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Broadband Interactive
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for LaBaguette Bakery
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dulceria La Capital at 2559 West 51st St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at various locations on E 38 Pl and St, 3744 and 3754 S Ellis Ave and 3825 S Vincennes Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smarty Pants Early Learning/Daphne A. Williams
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Starbuck Capital LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Walgreens Pharmacy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SJ Auto Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Parkview Properties, Ltd.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Los Chitos Brakes and Mufflers, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sheffield Apartments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pulaski Auto Center, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for South/East Asia Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for New Age Auto Corp./Israel Gallegos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Freeze
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Quality Excavations, Inc.
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2258 W Iowa St
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for John G. Shedd Aquarium
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dando Repair Resale and Restoration
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for  Henry School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1221 N LaSalle LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Miguel Pelayo
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Autosport Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 57th Damen Food Mart/Tareq Nemeh/Khader Attallah
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Food Avenue
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for M&M Pro Audio
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dallas Property Management/Peter Dallas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First Choice Market
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Community Housing Partners XIV LP
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 438 W Eugenie St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Janet's Community Day Care, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for It Takes A Village Christian Academy, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Robe, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kingdom Chevrolet
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Charles R. Henderson Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Irving Park Auto, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Midwest Car Store, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tots Land, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Family Care Dental Group
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Serrelli's Finer Foods
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Care Muffler, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Family Health Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4 Aces Tire Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Doty Nash Funeral Home
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for AMR Auto Moto Repair Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1801 W Chicago, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Illinois Franklin Associates, LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for UHS of Harlgrove
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mission 21 Nail Source, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Laquinta Delos Reyes
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Salsa Truck LLC, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for HP Ventures
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2121 W Walton St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 615 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 619 E 38th PL
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 623 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 627 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 630 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 636 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 720 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 726 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 811 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 815 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 821 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 825 E 38th Pl
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 830 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 832 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 836 E 38th St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 3744 S Ellis Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 3754 S Ellis Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Oakwood Shores Phase 2D at 3825 S Vincennes Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SV Care LLC at 3311 S Michigan Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hispanic Housing Development Center at 3949 W North Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Building Permits, Inc. at 4915 S Calumet Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Sts. Peter and Paul) School - Account No. 440369
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Housing Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Barbara Mosaccio
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Blessed Sacrament (former Our Lady of Good Counsel) Convent - Account No. 440367
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for KC's Academy of Early Childhood Education, Inc at 841 W Sheridan Rd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Furma Mattress LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Twin Lens Moto Repair Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4858-70 N Clark LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for EZ Auto Solutions
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Halsted Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Global Kitchen
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Complete Car Care, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ogden Partners Lakewood LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rebublik LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 720 N Leavitt LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shining Star Child Development
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dana Hotel and Spa
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for D.K.M.S. LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Northeastern Illinois University - EL Centro
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jackson's Fish
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 219 N Elizabeth St LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Graham Cracker Day Care Center 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Kids Village Learning Center, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Santa Lucia- Santa Maria Incoronata Church/Rectory - Account No. 440306
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pace Property Group LLC
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 5921 N Magnolia Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 310 W Concord Pl
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 311 W Eugenie St
Free permit(s) for Logan Square Plaza 
Waiver of fee(s) for 4645 N Sheridan Rd and 4945 N Sheridan Rd
Waiver of fee(s) for 2640 N Sheffield Ave and 2720 N Sheffield Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Council for Jewish Elderly - Account No. 444119-444119
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Angels Rectory - Account No. 616141
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for My Rea Properties LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Daniel the Prophet Church - Account No. 439822
Free permit(s) for Our Lady of Fatima
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Cardinal Meyer Center - Account No. 440272
Property tax exemption application for Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago (f.k.a) The Children's Memorial Hospital)  (PTAX-300-H) 
Free permit(s) for UNO Charter Schools - 2916 W 67th St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis Church - Account No. 439409
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Denis School - Account No. 442989
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 838 N Noble St and 847 N Greenview Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mordechai Millunchick (Congressional Adas Yeshurun)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bustamante Tires, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bart Przyjhemski/Noah Properties/3816-3820 N Ashland LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Derrig Halsted LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Steppenwolf Theatre Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Roy's Furniture Building LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MRR 1448 Leavitt LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First Stop Auto
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dulceria La Capital at 2559 W 51st St
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Camillus
Church/School/Convent/Rectory - Account No. 439854
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MP Catalyst LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for White Oak Properties
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pabcor Management
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Jane de Chantal Church/School - Account No. 439815
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Residence - Account No. 439857
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of the Snows Residence -  Account No. 435239
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for  St. Rene Goupil Church/School - Account No. 439867
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for W-Class Hand Car Wash
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adalbert Church/School - Account No. 428377
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Church - Account No. 428316
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Little Sisters of the Poor
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Adrian Convent - Account No. 428319
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 3245 S Prairie Ave and 243 E 32nd St
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 344 W 28th Pl
Free permit(s) for Chicago Housing Authority - 838 N Noble St and 847 N Greenview Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Providence of God Convent - Account No. 428373
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Assumption Church - Account No. 428758
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Park Boulevard Phase 11B LLC
Waiver of fee(s) for Illinois Sports Facilities Authority 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Archbishop Quigley Pastoral Center - Account No. 428752
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Adam Winick
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Gregory the Great Church - Account No. 428884
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Name Cathedral - Account No. 442332
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rule Transfer Illinois, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve Convent - Account No. 441825
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Genevieve School - Account No. 441824
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hispanic Housing Management Office
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for C&H Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Payless Auto Body & Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kristalex Group, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jet Brite Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Heneghan Wrecking
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for La Casa Del Pueblo, Inc./Nicolas Lombardi
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for LaFiesta Restaurant
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hello Doggy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Housing Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Safeway Food Market, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fast Trak Auto Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Castillo Royalty Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Starlight Food Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aamco/Steve Treadwell
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sonco Real Estate LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Simon the Apostle Convent - Account No. 428238
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Valloor Inc.
Exemption from  physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 71 South Wacker Drive 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Children's Learning Place
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mercy Seat Missionary Baptist Church 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Thomas the Apostle Rectory - Account No. 428084
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Bruno School - Account No. 428201
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Community Hub at Roosevelt Square
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Services
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clean Machine Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mitchell, Madison & Cabot, Inc. d.b.a. Car-X Tire & Auto
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dilly Dally Dog Club
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Noah Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chava's Tire Shop, Salvador Mendez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bart Przyjemski
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fast Link Communications, Inc. d.b.a. 1st Comm, Ameen Abdelazeez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Peter T. Paulos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bart Przyjemski
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Busy Bees Child Development
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CA III LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1200 Madison Racine LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Illinois Battery Specialists
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Horacio Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 747 Clark Condominium Association
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Children Therapy Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Joan Dachs Bais Yaakov Yeshivas Tiferes Tzvi Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Yiayia's LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fuller Park Development Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wander Bikes, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 123 Sangamon Venture Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for AT&T
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gethsemane Garden Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for AT&T Service, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Five Holy Martyrs Convent -  Account No. 428197
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3600 N Halsted St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access at 11055 S Michigan Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kenmore Equities LLC
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady Help of Christians Convent - Account No. 441899
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Wenceslaus School - Account No. 441271
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Belmont Assembly of God 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Berchmans
Rectory - Account No. 441634
Free permit(s) for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Sylvester School - Account No. 441667
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Checkers Fast Food Restaurant at 6705 S Halsted St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beloved Community Health Center at 6815 S Halsted St 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Earthwood Development at 4234 N Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chipotle at 4657 W Irving Park Rd 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Tarcissus School at 6040 W Ardmore Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bart Przysemski at 3408-3440 N Milwaukee Ave 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Columba Rectory/Social Center - Account No. 442928
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 11-12-540 concerning exemption from payment of water rates for certain not-for-profit organizations
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 11-12-540 concerning exemption from payment of water rates for certain not-for-profit organizations
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Guadalupe Residence - Account No. 574146
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Community Art Fair - street closure
Waiver of special event street closure permit fee(s) for 57th Street Art Fair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Community Art Fair
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 57th Street Art Fair
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 832 W Oakdale Ave - Unit 3K
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1845 N Orleans St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1730 N Hudson St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 632 W Belden Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2917 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4735 N Dover St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4707 N Dover St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kids Academy Learning Center LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Max Allen Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Furniture Village Outlet
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2354 Milwaukee Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gibbons Construction LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ruby Hand Car Wash LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Active! Dog Daycare and Boarding
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Midwest Car Care, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for La Escuelita Day Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for HS Wheels, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Zepeda Auto Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fortis LLC/Joanna Burek
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3273 W Armitage Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1700 W 21st St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Airport Auto Rebuilders
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 242 W Garfield Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for AP MCG Randolph Investors LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 113 N Green St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access at 11055 S Michigan Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4022 N Sheridan Rd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Griffin Theatre
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for A&M Auto Repair & Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ogden Partners, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Phalanx Capital Management LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Candea Development
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Piggery Chicago, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Child Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Breakthrough Urban Ministries
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cermak Auto Sales, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1801 W Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Quest Physical Therapy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Athens Construction Company
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for International Scent Solutions LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1601-1617 W Warren Land LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3817 Fremont LLC
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Stanislaus B&M Church Festival/Carnival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for New 37th Ward  Gospel Festival
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Danish Old Peoples Home - Account No. 443641-443641
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Philip Neri School -  Account No. 439145
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Goddard School, The 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Our Lady of Mount Carmel Hall - Account No. 428804
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary Church - Account No. 441042
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Bugs Learning Center/Eddie Rivera
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Albion Hotel LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sunshine Gospel Ministries
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Regional Auto Group, Inc
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Living Hope Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Breakthrough Urban Ministries
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Property Consultants
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Armitage and Damen Car Wash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CA IV LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sheffield Weed LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Barrett Homes LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Damen Place, Inc., The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for SYNES Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for M&D Auto Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Synergy Construction Group LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Audubon Elementary School
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Public Building Commission of Chicago at 5150 N Kimball Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Evolution Fitness
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Silver Property Group, Ltd.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mary's ABC Academy
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Hilary School - Account No. 428906
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1615 Burling LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2808 -- 2814 North Avenue LLC - 2808 W North Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Campus Construction
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1150 W Hubbard LLC
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 28 E Jackson Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1732 N Hudson St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kachadurian Group LLC, The - 440-446 N Green St
Free permit(s) for Independence Park Advisory Council 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Yahya Trading Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for USA Auto Sales
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Misericordia Heart of Mercy - Account No. 440969-440969
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Paul Hall - Account No. 428401
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for K.R.A.K. Corporation of Illinois
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Midwest Bible Church and School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Chicago Charter School Foundation
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 862398-625052
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jose E. Flores, Flores Renovations
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Joseph School - Account No. 442209
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5427-5439 N Broadway
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for South Dearborn LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5009 N Sheridan Rd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sparky's Auto Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Friends Wholesale, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Abram Ramos Garcia
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for All Saints Orthodox Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dollar Tree Stores
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Veterans New Beginnings Partnership
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3220-3224 N Southport LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mid-City Parking, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Church/School - Account No. 428532
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius School - Account No. 300482
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Christian Undertakers Services, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pathways in Education
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 919 W Newport Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Procopius Church - Account No. 428471-603728
Loan agreement and associated fee waiver for East Lake/Lawndale Plaza LLC.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ailbe Church/School -  Account No. 438662
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3363 N Milwaukee Ave 
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Holy Innocents School -  Account No. 428527
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Felicitas School - Account No. 439176
License fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation d.b.a. Living Room Cafe, the
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chromium Industries LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Devon Investment Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Renew Automotive LLC d.b.a. Renew Muffler & Brake
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Renew Automotive LLC d.b.a. Western Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Six Days Auto Sales
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lena's Car Wash and Detail Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Elston Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Panamex Auto Mart, Inc.
Amendment of exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for A1 Motors
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Peter Spyropoulos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 5630 N. Broadway
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chiquita Ash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for UZR LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for BMT-I LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Whirly, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Armitage Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ogden Partners Lakewood LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Pet Sitters
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Eyes on the Future, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Viktor Jakovljevic
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sergio Huerta
Amendment of exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Friends Wholesale, Incorporated
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Domain Group LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1815 W Division LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Patricia Damico at 2832 N Western Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jeff Jack Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for M&P Strategic Investments LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Heartland Health Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for DJC Communication, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MK Investment Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Michelle Williams - North Kenwood Daycare
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MHF Chicago MC IV LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hoyne Rowhomes LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Belmont Auto Enterprise d.b.a. AutoHaus
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for La Escuelita Del Saber 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Goldstar Auto Repair & Body Shop
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3142 S Giles Ave
Free permit(s) for Family Altar Evangelistic Baptist Church
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Velasquez Mufflers 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for WP Senior Preservation Associates
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for David Fleishman of Northwestern Capital Investment Partners 
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce  Acc. No. 270704 - kiosk


 
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for LaSalle Street Church - occupation of space
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for George Misca 
Waiver of fee(s) for A Little Bit of Heaven
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for James Seidenberg of Rainbow Furniture
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2774 N Milwaukee Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kiddie Heaven Learning
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CSS Group Investment, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wonder Montessori Daycare Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Altgeld Glenwood Management Group LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hale Lofts Condo Assn.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bavarian Motors of Chicago, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hertz Car Rental
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Smithfield Properties XVI LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jorge Hernandez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Fitch Investment Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for John Ligas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for FMZ Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Yogurt Daze Corp.
Cancellation of public way use permit fee(s) for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - kiosk
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2760 N Milwaukee Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 636 W Fullerton Pkwy
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Dr. King Boys and Girls Club - Account No. 442110
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Hellenic Foundation - Account No. 454800
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Newberry Library, The - Account No. 442260
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Ansehn Church/Rector - Account No. 428280
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. John Cantius Office - Account No. 428531
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Liz-Ney-Land Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4007 N Paulina LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 4011 N Paulina LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Atotonilco Taqueria
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mitch Auto Sales, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Belmont Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Precious Memories Funeral Home
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Learning Circle
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Spot Light Automotive
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Robert Lattas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1611 N Hermitage LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MAO Tire Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shaarei Chinuch Day School
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for DePaul University 
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Festival de la Villita (22nd Annual)
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4160 S Lake Park Ave
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary, Star of the Sea
Rectory - Account No. 439843
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Lane Tech Century Foundation Memorial Day Carnival
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for Queen of the Universe
Rectory - Account No. 439395
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11348 S St. Lawrence Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bosak Properties 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Midwest Fixtures
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Grossinger Imports, Inc. d/b/a Grossinger Honda
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Morice Botrice, Dominos's Pizza
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nick's Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tasha Davis
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1345 South Wabash LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for The By the Hand Club-For Kids Center
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Little Black Pearl Workshop
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Museum of Contemporary Art
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for JFMC Facilities Corporation
Cancellation of warrants for collection for CYC-Elliott-Donelley Center - Account No. 4960138
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Betty's Daycare Academy, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Paco's Tacos 2, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Superior Super Auto Wash, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Superior Super Auto Wash, Inc. - 4015 N Sawyer Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Sami Bader 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Castleview Construction, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 190 South LaSalle LLC
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3252 W Victoria St
Free permit(s) for Thorek Memorial Hospital - water/sewer plan review fees
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4921 S Dorchester Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for St. Edmund's Tower Annex, Inc. 
Cancellation of warrants for collection for Washington & Jane Smith - Account No. 271390
Waiver of public way use permit fees for Seven Houses on Lake Shore Drive District
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Summerfest 2011
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Pitchfork Music Festival
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Short Stuff Chicago LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cool City Living LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kiddie Castle
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Galaxy Environmental, Inc
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1826 N Orleans St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3846 S Lake Park Ave
Exemption of certain provisions of Municipal Code Titles 13 and 17 concerning signage associated with Wrigley Field
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Circle-A Community Resource Center for Women, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dollar General
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11309 S Langley Ave
Waiver of fee(s) for Illinois Sports Facilitities Authority 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wilmot Construction, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 6134 Kenmore Flats LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tenorio Tire Shop No. 5
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for American Ideal Cleaners
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ravenswood School (Chicago Public Schools)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Cordos Development & Associates LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Huron Lofts LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for High Quality Auto Sales, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for G3 Hand Car Wash LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for City College of Chicago
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 407-415 S Dearborn St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3141 S Calumet Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 71 South Wacker Drive 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Child Care Society
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Queen Nails
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Xi Lambda Chapter of A Phi A, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Exotic Car Wash, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tasty Freeze and D&D's Place
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Laszlo Simovic Architects LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Global Transmission Specialists, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Diana Anderson of Diana's Day Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kenmore Investment Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kristalex Group, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gardner School, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wicker Park Day Care
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1133 N Damen Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kristalex Group, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Reach for the Stars II
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Global Choices, Inc. 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for National Auto Group Incorporated
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mean Clean Hand Car Wash LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ingleside Project, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Greater Southwest Development Corporation, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Keeper's Kids, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dollar Tree Retail
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 79th Street LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CDE Body Shop, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3220-3224 N Southport LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 925 N Larrabee St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1061 W Jackson Blvd
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hot Spot
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Premiere Auto Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for iO Theater 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2123 Division Corporation
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clybourn Construction LLC
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for American Legion Post No. 87
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Northeastern Illinois University
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Golden Aztlan, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bubble Hand Car Wash 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bank of America, N.A.
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Halloween Franken Plaza
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Chicago
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Jazz Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Blues Festival
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chosen Few Old School Reunion Picnic
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Mary of the Woods Office Building - Account No. 593279-396727
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Car Gallery
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2819 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1501 W Jackson Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 4550 N Hermitage Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2204 W Iowa St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Harmon Brothers Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Global Motor's, Inc.
Cancellation of water/sewer fee(s) for St. Malachy School - Account No. 442113
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nicky's Hamburger
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for KaleidoKids Childcare
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Roman Fences, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Auto Boutique Chicago
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Svigos Asset Management
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Windy City Consulting
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MRR 7250 N Bell LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Midwest Performance Cars
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Candea Development - 4800 N Clark St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Candea Development - 4806 N Clark St
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2210 Moderna LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2040 N Damen LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for David's Auto
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dearborn Wholesale 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mr. Frog Car Wash 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Anthony Vula
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chosen Few Old School Reunion Picnic
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago School of Woodworking
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Drive Out Auto Incorporated
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Thomas Morrissey
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Haiwei Yuan
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Full Circle Communities, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Irving Park 07 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jackie Edwards
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Baldemar Chavez
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Garfield Tire Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for El Salvador Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2104-2106 W Belmont LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tree House Humane Society, Inc
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for BAS Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 312 Auto Repair Service
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beautiful Bright Beginnings Daycare
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Avis Budget Rent-A-Car
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aqueel Ahmed
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MRR 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First Academy Too
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Future Growing's LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for First Chicago Bank & Trust
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for El Tarasco Restaurant
Amendment of exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nicky's Hamburger
Waiver of fee(s) for St. Ignatius College Prep
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Urban Pooch Training and Fitness Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Centrum Partners LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Trianon Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Harris Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for S.K.I. Architecture
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Our Lady of Lourdes Summerfest
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for St. Paddy's Day 5k/8k Run
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Andersonville Farmers Market
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3525 S Dr Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Wells Street Fall Festival
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11247 S Forestville Ave
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Chicago Pride Fest (9th Annual)
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for 6th Ward Bikeathon (6th Annual)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bright Smiles Infant Suite
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Yakov Plotkim
Not-for-profit fee exemption(s) for Inspiration Corporation, d.b.a The Living Room Cafe 
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 518 W Fullerton Pkwy
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Young Scholars Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Rogelio Richart of Xpress Auto and Tires
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Feathers Performing Arts Child Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jackie Edwards
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for CAF Construction LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dedicated Auto
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for J&M Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Atotonilco
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clybourn Construction LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clybourn Ventures LLC
Amendment of prior ordinance concerning free permits and fee waivers for Community College District No. 508 building and facility demolition, construction, renovation and administrative expenses
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ashland 820 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Cubs Baseball Club LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wells Street Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Eleven Hundred LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Phil Denny Peppercorn 1229 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Penelope Vamava Learn Chartered School Network
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Maya Motors, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for T.F. Real Estate (Commercial fast food Restaurant)
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jump Start Academy-Amazing Friends LLC
Waiver of fee(s) for Public Building Commission of Chicago and submittal of quarterly reports to Office of Budget and Management summarizing  fee waivers for City of Chicago, Chicago Public Library, Chicago Public Schools, Chicago Park District, and Chicago Infrastructure Trust
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for People Church of the Harvest 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for ServiceMaster
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Penelope Vamava Learn Chartered School Network
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Plaza Auto Sales, Inc.  
Waiver of special event license and/or permit fee(s) for Taste of Austin Festival
Waiver of special event icense and/or permit fee(s) for New 37th Ward Gospel Festival
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 7140 S Dorchester Properties LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Tower Property Group LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Shell Filling Station and Convenience Store
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hispanic Housing Development Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Topflight Auto Spa Carwash
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Equilibrium International Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for O'Donnell Investment Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for G&A Management
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Ricardo Mendina of Quintana's Auto Electric Corp.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Aldi
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bucktown Academy LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for WPA 2 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gifted Children Academy, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Madison Throop LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3 Corner Development - Wayne Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 3 Corner Development - Lakewood Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Beyond Auto Repair
Amendment of exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Little Feathers Performing Arts Child Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Kangaroo Korner Day Care
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Hassan Azarpira  
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Bucktown Academy LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Noguchi Sculpture/David Noguchi 
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Abdelnasser Elkhatib 
Amendment of Municipal Code Section 3-12-050 concerning senior citizen exemptions
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Overhill Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Prestige Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Gutierrez Auto Repair
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&V Tech, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Arwin LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Mr. Moshe Davis c/o 4900 Kenmore LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for A. Ashland Lock Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Apple Tree Children's Learning Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Impressionist on Altgeld Condominiums LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Dollar General
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access Hotel Monaco
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Housing Authority
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Domain Group LLC, The
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Joshua Fruger
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Education Center NFP, The Kidz Town
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 2917 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 3024 W Logan Blvd
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 550 and 559 W Surf St
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1247 S Forrestville Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11338 S St. Lawrence Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11336 S St. Lawrence Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Accurate Imports, Inc., Oscar Montoya
Amendment of Municipal Code Chapter 10-28 regarding waiver of public way use permit fees for Special Service Areas
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Jorge Marban of International Star Sport, Inc.
Amendment of Municipal Code Title 17 concerning landmark off-street parking exemptions and parking reductions for transit-served locations
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lincoln Wilson Collision Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Patrick Cadet of CP&R Automotive Services
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11351 S Champlain Ave
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 11417 S Forrestville Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pong's Auto Care, Inc.
Historical landmark fee waiver for property at 1725 N Hudson Ave
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wendy's International LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for International Group Design and Sanchez Paving Co., Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Pathways in Education
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for M. Furniture Warehouse, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Lazos Tacos
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clybourn Webster Condo Assn.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for R&M Property Development LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for U.S. Auto Build Group, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for B&N Builders
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Nik's Body Shop
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Wes Health
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Madison Throop LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Three Chickens LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Chicago Community Kollel Institute for Advanced Torah Studies
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for MRPM Repairs, Body and Auto Sale, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Adler Schools, Inc.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for VCP Funding 3 LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Learn and Grow Child Care Center
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 1442 N Western Ave LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Metropolitan Valet
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2129 N Campbell LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for WR400 Acquisition LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for A. Ashland Lock Co.
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for J.S.F. Licensing LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for Clydiv LLC
Exemption from physical barrier requirement for commercial driveway alley access for 2701 West Belmont Ave LLC
