Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sun Shine Food & Liquor, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Marble & Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Breakthrough Urban Ministries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe Manor Condo Assn. c/o Heil, Heil, Smart & Golee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael's Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Henderson's Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mutt Hutt, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sun Shine Food & Liquor, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acorn Loftominium Owners Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Partis LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pet Care Plus Ltd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tec Foods, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jam RE LLC - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt Western Currency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ulises Rodriguez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SRI-ASW Green Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Casa Del Pueblo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condo Assn. - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719 - Privilege No. 1114509
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ymen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719 - Privilege No. 1114510
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steve's Flower Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile Central LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United Center Joint Venture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes/Gold Coast Dogs - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 123 Grocery Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prentice Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Family Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vernon Park Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Roof Inns Number 281
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morgan Canine Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 18th Place Fee Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XVII/State & Washington LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for California Division Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Social Twenty Five
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossing Tavern, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Social Twenty Five - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Finish Line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Division Dental Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Streeterville Center Garage LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fiorentino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condo Assn. - siamese connection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Folklore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin Dollar Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery Cabaret - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Asset Management LLC - siamese connections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery Cabaret - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Bookstore
Awning(s) for Jeffery Dollar Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Dog, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant El Ranchito - security fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K Chula Hair Salon, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant El Ranchito - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WLS Television, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labor Temps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Restaurant El Ranchito - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 26-30 West Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 54 West Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 East Monroe Investors IV LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont-Central Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Soccer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Tablas on Lincoln - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D&Z Dom Ksiazki
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Tablas on Lincoln - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresh Market Place - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresh Market Place - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mariano's No. 8516
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Wacker Partners LLC sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 162 W Hubbard Building LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection LLC - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 162 W Hubbard Building Partnership - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 314 West Hubbard Superior Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 720 Franklin Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection LLC - ventiliation wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 830 NMA LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rapid Transit, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scooter's Frozen Custard LLC - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scooter's Frozen Custard LLC - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angle Guilly LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spa Soak, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Sheep Beer Garden
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carrozza Real Estate Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance, Ann M Nolan, Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carrozza Real Estate Partnership - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Underbar - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association, The - 3800 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Underbar - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Underbar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vanessa's & Wendy's Family Hair Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wolcoe LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2915 N Clybourn Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie Plaza LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association, The - 1202 W Grace St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association, The - 1209 W Grace St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheng Chopsticks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association, The - 2925 N Sheffield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Mechants Association, The - 3154 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Egor's Dungeon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5532
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7469 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Schemitsch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7469 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Kimball Jewelry & Pawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Full Smile Family Dentist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kirkwood Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hairpin Arts Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kirkwood Bar & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JCBK Marathon Gas Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3300 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont Assembly of God
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3409 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Tierra
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cleary & Associates Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Neva LLC c/o Centrum Properties, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northside Stretch, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Submarine, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Q-BBQ Lakeview
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reside on Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2458
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6681 - signs 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Peter's Episcopal Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco & Burrito House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ultimate Exposure
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7570
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warshawsky DDS/Get It Straight
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athena Flowers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club E
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gene's Sausage Shop & Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Friends Veterinary Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Ribbon Taxi Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S. Group - kiosks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brother's Hair Salon, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Barbershop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway 26445
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - 1350 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2548 North Burling, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Tower Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boka
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accurate Auto Service, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shine Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Northside Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Lion Pub
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for N&T Handbook Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fischman Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rodolfo de la Rose
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Julio's Hacienda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riviera Maya
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rycoline Products, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dr. Steven K. Kajita Prof. Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Julio's Hacienda - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavender Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pretty Nails & Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Barbershop - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Clark Building Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Irving CheckChangers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn., The - 927 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn., The - 935 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Aquarium & Aquatic Life, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Brown Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Shoesource No. 2513 - Privilege No. 1114010
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Shoesource No. 2513 - Privilege No. 1114011
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adelheid Mers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laundry World
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4617 W Division St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CM Stone Works - sign
Awning(s) for American Family Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless Authorized Retailer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant El Ranchito - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burlington, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antique Taco
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101467
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jam 'N Honey
Awning(s) for Lois Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&B Signs, Inc. - signs
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101487
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norge Klean-O-Mat, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hop Haus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snap Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swig
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocky's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howl at the Moon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harmony Management
Canopy(s) for Metropolitan Family Services - 3249 N Central Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04978
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitness Formula Clubs - South Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2451 South Oakley LLC
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11 - 2108 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Club, The - flagpoles
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pret A Manger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shake Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10199
Canopy(s) for McDonald's No. 26364
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 02387
Canopy(s) for Francisco Espinoza
Canopy(s) for Johnny O's
Canopy(s) for Dulceria M International
Canopy(s) for K Food & Liquor
Canopy(s) for Farmer Pride Produce, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Lawndale Educational and Regional Network
Canopy(s) for Ewald-Barlock Funeral Home
Awning(s) for PNC Bank
Canopy(s) for GG. Dr. LLC
Canopy(s) for Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown
Canopy(s) for MCP 550 West Washington LLC
Canopy(s) for RPM Steak
Awning(s) for Alliance Bakery
Canopy(s) for 57 W. Grand LLC
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 1171
Canopy(s) for RPN Sales, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Springfield-Argyle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AMC Theatres 600 North Michigan 9
Awning(s) for Grandbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bellwether Meeting House & Eatery
Awning(s) for Healing Hands Massage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand River - sign - Privilege No. 1119242
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blaze Pizza
Awning(s) for SPS Family Care SC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CC Industries, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ultimate In Dry Cleaning, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Castle - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Castle - light poles
Awning(s) for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago River North Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Beetle Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boundary, The - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Claretians, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AMB Tire Services & Sales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwaukee Avenue Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clinton Street Lofts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Umami Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Lago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Contemporaine Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc.
Awning(s) for Northwest Insurance Network
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boundary, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express
Awning(s) for Antique Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carl Overhauls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever 21
Awning(s) for Kodex Medical Supplies, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mini Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Division Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Nutrition Corp. No. 2921
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZPawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fireside Bowl, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Tax Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for Yassa African Carribean Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC - grease traps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's - Washington
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MO2 Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace
Awning(s) for Image 79 Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Assoc. LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1321 West Grand LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawry's the Prime Rib - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1815 West Division LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawry's the Prime Rib - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2901 N. Rockwell Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggiano's Banquets on Grand
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggiano's Little Italy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marc Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marshalls No. 690
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Men's Wearhouse No. 4684, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
Awning(s) for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair - 363 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair - 365 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neiman Marcus Group, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers
Awning(s) for Prime Time Food & Liquors 79th 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Robin Burger Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Printers Square LLC
Awning(s) for Hacienda Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6681 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's No. 26364
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Bank Lofts, c/o Building Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shake Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shay Chicago
Awning(s) for Vrdolyak Law Group LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Authority, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercy Home for Boys & Girls
Awning(s) for Bubbly Dynamics LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush University Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Limited Partnership - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - kiosk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Limited Partnership - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2101 S Michigan LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tiffany & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timothy O'Toole's - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timothy O'Toole's - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TJ Maxx No. 1406
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotels Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for V&M Tecnicentro Automotriz, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5 N. Wabash Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 701 North Michigan LLC
Awning(s) for Literacy Zone, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deliverance Manor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Town Sub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Assoc.
Awning(s) for Leona's Pizzeria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sip & Savor Bronzeville
Awning(s) for Iridescent, Inc.
Awning(s) for Red Latina Corp.
Awning(s) for Sonora Meats
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cans Bar and Canteen
Awning(s) for El Burrito Mexicano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Tax Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RPN Sales, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lakeview Dental Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakley 23 LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Tax Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for Mini Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crown Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakley 23 LLC  - turret
Awning(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-KaKu Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Fish and Chicken 11
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Awning(s) for 3445 N Halsted
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1107670
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petsmart, Inc. No. 2525
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diamond Garden Banquet Hall LLC
Awning(s) for Singer Factory Distributors
Awning(s) for Doggy Style Pet Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Baker's Tale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115292
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rudy's Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Music Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floriole Bakery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bad Apple, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115303
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JP Burke's Patio & Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loren A. Westover
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for California Division Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115301
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 2868 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monty Gaels Tavern & Grill - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frederick Fox
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fresh Market Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magic Johnson Bridgescape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monty Gaels Tavern & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 2915 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paul Ries & Son
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northbrook Bank & Trust Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115297
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B&B Business Media Productions, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Corner - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Puerto Rican Cultural Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07267 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2586
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115293
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 00194
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection LLC
Awning(s) for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shinola Detroit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ombudsman Educational Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115291
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lush Handmade Cosmetics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Sub Incorporated
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thomas J. Kenny, Jr.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115289
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stevo's Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust Co. (800236838) - planter railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Infant Welfare Society of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115288
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timbuk2 Holdings, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust Co. (800236838) - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Effects Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115277
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1206 Webster LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's - windows and frames
Awning(s) for Charlies Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominus Holdings LLC - 832 W Erie St
Awning(s) for Quads Gym, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Element Resale LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07267 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominus Holdings LLC - 650 N Green St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Gadgets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eddie Bauer
Awning(s) for Bad Apple, The
Awning(s) for Blue Agave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Indie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patricia Damico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Galleria Marchetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenmore Commons LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Lakes Tattoo Co.
Awning(s) for Fusion Hair Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franks Barber Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winthrop House LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Integrated E Solutions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marinero Bar and Grill
Awning(s) for Horizon Group Management LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University Settlement Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115280
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pita Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pet Care Plus Ltd.
Awning(s) for O'Donovan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Spoke
Awning(s) for Exposition Carpet Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Holly Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Laws of Hair LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - 2915 N Sheffield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115276
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115281
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115278
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115275
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115274
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DS Cantina - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DS Cantina - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gman Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Dental Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Smiles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chuck's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peet's Coffee & Tea - 3025 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peet's Coffee & Tea - 3500 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 178
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1171
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heartland Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lifeline Productions, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charles Carpets and Construction
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Masti Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mehrab Super Market
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3900 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3145 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raul's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gas Plus Mobil
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn, The - Privilege No. 1115311
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Auto South
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115300
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essential Photography
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Everything's Relative Aveda Concept Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cardinal Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Leonards's Ministries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115298
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Men's Wearhouse No. 4657
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Tax Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for Blaze Pizza
Awning(s) for Kinmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115296
Awning(s) for Le Pain Quotidien
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General No. 15472
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evangelical Lutheran/St. Philip
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7612
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115295
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jagodinka Bakery & cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6618
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Marshalls No. 690 - Privilege No. 1114989
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Commons LLC - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accurate Auto Service, Inc. - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115294
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 644
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gas Plus Mobil
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Commons LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lisa Whatley
Awning(s) for Marshalls No. 690 - Privilege No. 1114134
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kostner Food Basket - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gentle Wine Shop
Awning(s) for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snarf's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115290
Awning(s) for Palmet Ventures LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza-Metro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kostner Food Basket - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar, Inc. No. 11064
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakley 23 LLC - bay windows
Awning(s) for Quartino
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunrise of Lincoln Park - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakley 23 LLC - steps
Awning(s) for Su Casa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunrise of Lincoln Park - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astoria Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for TJ Maxx No. 1406
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunrise of Lincoln Park - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115287
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 249
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Li Hing, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons II Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hops and Barley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Country Fresh Finer Foods, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Premier Veterinary Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2456 California LLC - Privilege No. 1115134
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115286
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons IV Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frankins Bakery
Awning(s) for Snarf's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2456 California LLC - Privilege No. 1115135
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115284
Awning(s) for Chicago Male, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn. - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Street Barbers
Awning(s) for City Harvest Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5440
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 29150E
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condo Assn. - storm sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115285
Awning(s) for East Lakeview Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oak Street Health
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3801 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10944 S Western Ave - southeast elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2707 S Wells St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3250 N Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 900 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6550 N Sheridan Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 255 E Grand Ave - east building elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 255 E Grand Avenue - north building elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 106 sq. ft. - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 106 sq. ft. - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 150 sq. ft. - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 150 sq. ft. - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1471 N Milwaukee Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stan's Donuts Erie Street
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 627 W Roosevelt Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - 2603 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1212 S Michigan Ave (Height above grade 30 feet, 9 inches)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Square
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1212 S Michigan Ave (Height above grade 41 feet, 6 inches)
Awning(s) for Racine Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camille Garrett State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile of East End
Awning(s) for Adrienne C.A. Barnes DDS PC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essential Elements Chicago Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1629
Awning(s) for Bacchanalia Restaurant and Lounge
Awning(s) for Hoypoloi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Medical Group - Privilege No. 1112839
Awning(s) for T Joels Family Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Time Food & Liquors 79th 
Awning(s) for Tri-Taylor Uniform, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 02387
Awning(s) for H&R Block
Awning(s) for Best Sub Incorporated
Awning(s) for Pinky Nail Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Shore Pipe Line Co. (Sucessor in Interest to Badger Pipe Line Co.)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 147
Awning(s) for RS Retail LLC - 1212 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Roots Hydroponics and Organics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Commons LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather's Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Beef
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather's Cafe - canopy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cartridge World
Awning(s) for RS Retail LLC - 1200 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domino's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metra
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foursided
Awning(s) for Prism Optics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thirty3
Awning(s) for ASICS
Awning(s) for Dog Wash and Supply, The
Awning(s) for Floyd's Pub
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossroads Trading
Awning(s) for Go Grocer No. 1
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jupiter Realty Corp.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - canopy
Awning(s) for Kickin'
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Medical Gorup - Privilege No. 1112841
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - catch basin
Awning(s) for J&A Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for Jerusalem Liquors
Awning(s) for Anong, Inc.
Awning(s) for Chez Francis Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Tania's Unisex Beauty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Association - Privilege No. 1110321
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Quebrada No. 3, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110076
Awning(s) for Thali's Restaurant
Awning(s) for Marruay & White
Awning(s) for Don Juan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corcoran's Grill & Pub - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Ernest Cheirgalos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corcoran's Grill & Pub - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn. - Privilege No. 1115317
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daryl Gerber Stokols and Jeff Stokols
Awning(s) for Jeannie's Let's Celebrate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Novelty Glass and Mirror Co.
Awning(s) for Little Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grossinger City Autoplex, Inc. - Privilege No. 1115156
Awning(s) for Pampanga's Cuisine & Filipino Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grossinger City Autoplex, Inc. - Privilege No. 1115155
Awning(s) for Tommy's on Higgins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - Privilege No. 1115318
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Quebrada No. 3, Inc. - Privilege No. 1115393
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants, The - Privilege No. 1115312
Awning(s) for KHW Phone Cards Discount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruth's Chris Steak House - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Food Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mohammed Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perillo Collision Center - building foundation wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1709 E 95th St 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express, Inc. No. 1102
Awning(s) for Morton's Steakhouse-Wacker Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association -1034 W Belmont Ave - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm No. 119111
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 280 S Columbia Dr - License No. 100561930
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 280 S Columbia Dr - License No. 100561937
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 280 S Columbia Dr - License No. 100561910
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MRR 678 Kingsbury LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3510 N Pine Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Motors Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Central Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Hand Car Wash-North Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway 24028
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Assoc., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn. - kiosks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust Co. (800236838) - decorative facades
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petco No. 869
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Ruby Room, Inc. - 1745 W Division St
Awning(s) for Siam Food Company
Awning(s) for Precious Lady Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Truth & Soul
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Living of Metropolitan Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domaine Wine Storage and Appreciation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Partners LLC - caisson bells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Partners LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condo Assn. - water main
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust Co. (800236838) - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hustler Hollywood - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCA Lake Shore Animal Hospital
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4500 S Damen Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1452 E 53rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - balconies
Awning(s) for Sonora Meats
Awning(s) for Vogue Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Medspring Urgent Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fenix Lounge Ltd.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6737 S Pulaski Rd 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Handzel and Associates Ltd. Insurance
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2367 W Logan Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jury's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shred415
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Facilities Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sogna Di Vita
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1955 E 75th St
Awning(s) for Perfect Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Walton Chicago LLC - planters
Awning(s) for Twelvewest
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Blarney Stone
Awning(s) for American Family Insurance 
Awning(s) for Jo Jo The Balloon Lady/Ball G
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5100 S Prairie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5101 S Prairie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5100 S Wabash Ave
Awning(s) for Rice and Roll, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 10 E 51st St
Awning(s) for Chicagoland Hobby
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 60 E 51st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 298 E. 51st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 380 E 51st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - pedestrian bridges
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - pedestrian tunnels
Awning(s) for California Pizza Kitchen
Canopy(s) for Lawn Bowling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Local Goods Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes - Privilege No. 1118981
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes - Privilege No. 1119141
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Boat Club Charitable Outreach
Awning(s) for Roman Bros. 1, Inc.
Awning(s) for Gabby's Barbershop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Awning(s) for Puesto Sandwich Stand, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centaur Construction
Awning(s) for Spotless Cleaners
Awning(s) for Studio Within
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gaslight Bar & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Owen & Engine - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for Mark Twain Hotel
Awning(s) for Toppers Pizza
Awning(s) for Hyde Park Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
Canopy(s) for Michigan Plaza LLC
Awning(s) for Essential Elements Chicago Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americana Submarine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trellis Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Awning(s) for East Lake Management & Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Grocers Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orlando
Awning(s) for Bridgeport Coffee House, Inc.
Awning(s) for Tenorio Tire Shop, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Detail Accouting & Tax Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alice's Bar B Que
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3345
Awning(s) for Carniceria La Gloria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyde Park Currency Exchange, Inc.
Awning(s) for Costa Azul Travel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archie's Precious Metals, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salero
Awning(s) for Los Altos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edison Park Bowl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Awning(s) for Danny's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go 24-7 Fitness, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry Alter Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for If An Elephant Can Paint, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports and Ortho Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege no. 1089206  
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1089207
Awning(s) for Varela Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 11)
Awning(s) for Best Choice Oriental Grocery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Awning(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 71st & Jeffery Loans
Awning(s) for Humboldt Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caffe Rom
Awning(s) for Joyful Noise Christian Daycare, Inc. No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cort Furniture Rental Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's
Awning(s) for Castillo Auto Repair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever 21
Awning(s) for Matchbox, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Lev Com
Awning(s) for Soho House Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 75th & Cottage Currency Exchange, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shop-N-Save
Awning(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Canopy(s) for Talbott Hotel, The
Awning(s) for Jimmy G's
Awning(s) for 442 West Wellington Building Cooperative
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orbit
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07054
Awning(s) for RS Retail LLC
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07630
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fashion Gear, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 09001
Awning(s) for Central Bark Doggy Day Care
Canopy(s) for Whitney Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Opyt Funeral Home - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for 860 Lake Shore Drive Trust
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lokal Contemporary European
Canopy(s) for Hyde Park Bank & Trust Co.
Canopy(s) for Opyt Funeral Home
Canopy(s) for West Lawn Foods
Canopy(s) for El Tarasco
Canopy(s) for Miska's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century, The - marquee
Canopy(s) for Aldi, Inc. No. 53
Canopy(s) for Dalmares Produce, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Armour & Swift
Canopy(s) for Peoria Partners LLC
Awning(s) for Mango Market
Awning(s) for Modern Dental on Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange on Roscoe
Canopy(s) for Chicago Sweatlodge
Canopy(s) for Mr. Pollo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifty/50, The
Canopy(s) for Dinosaur Bar-B-Que
Canopy(s) for Ada's Market & Deli
Awning(s) for Output
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century, The - sign
Canopy(s) for Leo's Furniture & Upholstery
Awning(s) for Red Square
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Awning(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Canopy(s) for Barneys New York
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Owen & Engine -  balconies
Canopy(s) for Caspian Oriental Rugs
Awning(s) for La Cazuela Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tattooing Co., Inc. - The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City News
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Replay/Elixir
Awning(s) for Hunan Egg Roll King
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 09001
Awning(s) for Jai Yen
Awning(s) for Wow Bao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Wacker Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6459 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 300 W Hubbard Limited Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 444 North Wells
Awning(s) for Wrigleyview Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6550 S Cottage Grove Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 445 North Wells Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 806 E 67th St
Awning(s) for Yofresh, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 806 E 64th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 535 N. Michigan Ave. Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for PB Maltz LLC
Awning(s) for Aroy Thai Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cremeria Santa Maria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miska's
Awning(s) for Co Co Vietnamese Sandwiches, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prestige Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 15th St Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosalina Reyes - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosalina Reyes - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Adventures, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Medspring
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westend Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6618
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy G's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake & Cicero, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake & Cicero, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Chinese & American Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BFS Retail & Commercial Operations LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey & Cicero Shell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Second City 843-845 West Armitage LLC
Awning(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gemini Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Salle Street Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School - guardrail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Elementary School - trench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dinosaur Bar-B-Que 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Firestone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Massage Envy Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Grocer No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 249 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 249 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mario's Place Barber Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Galvin's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Cheese Wrigleyville LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7056 - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7056 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2465
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmisano 1996 Investment Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ziemek Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1495
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1171
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Montclare Dialysis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03698 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03698 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yofresh, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chris's Billiards, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 3952
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phil's Pizza D'Oro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sevilla's Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn., The
Awning(s) for Lakeside International Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andersonville Chiropractic, SC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Iskcon-International Society for Krishna Consciousness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inspire MB, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Led Sign Depot
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8501 W Higgins Rd - 468 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8501 W Higgins Rd - 112 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6104 S Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 N Canal St
Awning(s) for Insomnia Cookies
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7545 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 455 N Cityfront Plaza Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wolcott & Newport Condo Assn., The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5820 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3650 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5820 N Western Ave - 120 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1930 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1930 N Clybourn Ave (facing Marcy St)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1232 W North Ave
Awning(s) for Chicago by Night
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Opyt Funeral Home - sign
Awning(s) for Belmont Barbershop Ltd., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stony Island Reclamation Co.
Awning(s) for Belport Associates LLC
Canopy(s) for A&T Pancake House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mom's Old Recipe
Awning(s) for Lenz Design, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GG. Dr. LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 2500
Awning(s) for Twin Shores Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Common V Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Vintage Charm, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for 4949 N Kedzie LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.B. Realty
Awning(s) for El Charro Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cafe Europa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lancaster Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lids No. 6423
Awning(s) for Orlic Plumbing & Heating Co.
Awning(s) for Pro Computers LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apocalipsis Nocturnal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MCP ENV Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria Aguascalientes
Awning(s) for Teaser's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music and Dance Theater Chicago - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1503
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music and Dance Theater Chicago - trench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Value Pawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Food Store, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainbow Grocery - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainbow Grocery - fire shutter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny O'Hagan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stewart Liquors, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stewart Liquors, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunburst Food & Liquor, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunburst Food & Liquor, Inc. - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunburst Food & Liquor, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Gruen Galleries
Awning(s) for Park Place Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Line
Awning(s) for Salvatore Ferragamo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Office Depot, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paris Club Bistro & Bar/Studio Paris/Ramen-San
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potash Bros, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldblatts of Chicago Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for Gibsons LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvatore Ferragamo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tre Soldi
Awning(s) for Shay Chicago
Awning(s) for Smithfield Properties XVII/State & Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 211 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 211 - signs
Awning(s) for Stout Barrel House and Galley
Awning(s) for Tre Soldi
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liquorama
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6351 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6359 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1375
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6349 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Big Cheese Wrigleyville LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 3072
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caminos De Michoacan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 01068
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6338 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 02340
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6419 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 07630 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter - 6420 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 07630 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Belmont Retail Investors LLC - cornices 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Tapatio Grocers Wholesale, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table Fifty-two
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jam RE LLC - fire escape
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing Tours - Privilege No. 1101490
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windsor, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6918
Awning(s) for Modern Dental on Sheffield
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5139 S Ashland Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Loop Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust No. 34369 - sign and canopy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ping Pong
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Underground Wonder Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vapiano
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 710 S Wabash Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3206 W 61st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3301 N Ashland Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3301 N Ashland Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6014 N California Ave
Canopy(s) for Best Western Grant Park Hotel
Canopy(s) for Fitness Formula Clubs-Union Station
Canopy(s) for Rosie's Grill, Inc.
Canopy(s) for G&F Produce
Canopy(s) for Birrieria Ocotlan, Inc. 
Canopy(s) for Candy's Grocery
Canopy(s) for Public Storage
Canopy(s) for Westin Hotel Chicago
Canopy(s) for 363 Erie LLC
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Park Villas
Canopy(s) for Wooden Spoon, The
Awning(s) for Akira
Awning(s) for Francesca's Forno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Avenue Salon Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crocodile, The
Awning(s) for Mike's Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eskell
Awning(s) for Zapatista
Awning(s) for 828 S Wabash LLC
Awning(s) for La Barca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JM Bee LLC Flower Box
Awning(s) for Fedex Office and Print Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Raul Gonzalez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tap, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tumans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western Grant Park Hotel - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western Grant Park Hotel - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shoppe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western Grant Park Hotel - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Discount Cleaner & Laundry on Devon
Awning(s) for Homestyle Taste
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Awning(s) for Papa Freddy's Pizza & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's-State
Awning(s) for Big Tonys Pizza 2
Awning(s) for Caprio's Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francesca's Forno - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Produce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francesca's Forno - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 02387
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wee Care Nursery School
Awning(s) for Family Dollar, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 75th Stony Island Currency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accor Business and Leisure Management LLC
Awning(s) for Forma Vital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bedazzled Nails & Spa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dal-Tile SSC West, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresha Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Black Pearl Workshop
Awning(s) for Bakin' & Eggs: A Lovely Idea LLC
Awning(s) for Miska's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gage Commercial Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kennedy Sub
Awning(s) for Thai Thank You
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hans Kief
Awning(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vireva Nursery School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eagle Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt The Loop Chicago - Privilege No. 1113400
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt The Loop Chicago - Privilege No. 1114168
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakdale Christian Academy Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Awning(s) for Lost Lake & Thank You Chinese
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Perla North America, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stewart Liquors, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Optima, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stewart Liquors, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery
Awning(s) for Makoto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tiffany & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunburst Food & Liquor, Inc. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Elite Total Rehab
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunburst Food & Liquor, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens Bond Drug Co. of Illinois No. 5387
Awning(s) for Bedazzled Nails & Spa, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blaze Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 Rush
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 830 NMA LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greg Mutz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calvillo Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Lemus
Awning(s) for Chicago Acupuncture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plote Construction, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1417
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06727
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenneth W. Huang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bright Star Management - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store No. 1053, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4427 N Clark St
Awning(s) for Dal-Tile SSC West, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bright Star Management - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1147
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marathon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 959 West Webster LLC - arch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 959 West Webster LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Eleven Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 959 West Webster LLC - column
Awning(s) for Direct Repair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Hermes of Paris, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - siamese connection
Awning(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Damato - garbage enclosure
Awning(s) for Inn of Chicago Magnificent Mile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Damato - staircase
Awning(s) for Local, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Damato - step
Awning(s) for Metra Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paciugo of Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 114 S Racine LLC
Awning(s) for Tiffany & Company
Awning(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for All Seasons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving-Ravenswood Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art of Hair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Works No. 836
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4450 N Clark St
Awning(s) for McKinney's Home Daycare, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4900 N Damen Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts No. 7573
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reservoir
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Akira
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apartment Finders LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for ShiAwase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4953 N Damen Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Tapas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1308
Awning(s) for Ricky's Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bakin' & Eggs:  A Lovely Idea LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 1635 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi, Inc. No. 62
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bakin' & Eggs:  A Lovely Idea LLC - sign
Awning(s) for Falben LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for FFC-Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 1637 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EDB's Hand Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Grocer No. 1
Awning(s) for Smile Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miska's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 1812 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JM Bee LLC Flower Box
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 1918 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 1967 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 2003 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4332 N Paulina St
Awning(s) for Hai Yen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 3759 N Ravenswood Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4101 N Ravenswood Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4131 N Ravenswood Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dental Group of Chicago, P.C.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3900 S Ashland Ave. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3145 S Ashland Ave.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heritage Outpost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes Fried Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Food Mart, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Egg Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Catering, Chocolate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wakamono
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wit, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigley BBQ
Canopy(s) for Depasada Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Restoration Hardware
Canopy(s) for STRS L3 ACQ1 LLC
Canopy(s) for Rangel Rangel & Assoc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Randolph Tavern
Canopy(s) for Hooters of Wells St, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Two East Erie Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for 40 W Hubbard LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3301 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2201 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5333 N Sheridan Rd -- 140 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5333 N Sheridan Rd -- 300 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 925 W Randolph St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9200 S Commercial Ave - Application No. 100571452
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9200 S Commercial Ave - Application No. 100571454
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5136 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Halsted St - 167 sq. ft. - Application No. 100531582
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Halsted St - 167 sq. ft. - Application No. 100531583
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Halsted St - 299 sq. ft. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Halsted St - 635 sq. ft. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 637-647 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at Center for Care Discovery - at The University of Chicago-5700 S. Maryland Ave.
Canopy(s) for STRS L3 ACQ1 LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barbara Deerfler
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 N Milwaukee
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolphin
Awning(s) for Amour Full Service Salon, Inc.
Awning(s) for Benford Brown & Associates LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Bull/Bordel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Free People
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Super Submarine
Awning(s) for Mario's Market
Awning(s) for Creative Little Ones Academy, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Taste of Heaven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 33 E Congress Pkwy
Awning(s) for La Serena
Awning(s) for Toussaint & Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 600 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 624 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 1014 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago - 618 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago - 619 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago - 623 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calo Lounge, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Lakes Clinical Trials
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbian Condominium Association, The
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edge Lofts and Tower

Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go 24-7 Fitness, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flo and Santo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry Alter Co.
Awning(s) for Taqueria Tayahua
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan Avenue Lofts Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for If an Elephant Can Paint, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports and Ortho Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brown Sugar Bakery and Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatham Jewelry & Loan, Inc.
Awning(s) for Armour and Swift
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Rush Walton LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5211
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabas Vega, Inc. S - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eleven Hundred LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabas Vega, Inc. S - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hangge-Uppe, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jones Chicago
Awning(s) for Corcoran Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TJ MAXX No. 1404
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ford Motor Co. - pedestrian bridge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vernon Park Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ford Motor Co. - stairs with piers
Awning(s) for Chiloechela Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Campos Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Assoc. LLC - bridges
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intrinsic School
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Joseph Freed and Assoc. LLC - permanent enclosure (rotunda)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Joseph Freed and Assoc. LLC - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panaderia Y Pizzeria La Villa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blaze Pizza - Privilege No. 1113957
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advanced Physical Medicine Centers, SC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
Awning(s) for Restoration Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jencare Neighborhood Medical Centers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - concretes slurry walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tieback systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Optima, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 6500 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Los Andes Services
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crew Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pret A Manger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 6501 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2
Awning(s) for Amazing Grace Daycare Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 6623 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Properties of Illinois, Inc.
Awning(s) for Gift 4 Kids
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1001 -- 1005 W Webster Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 6648 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martinez Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Alvarez Upholstery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talro Auto Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Firestone
Awning(s) for Albany Park Coin Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chiloechela Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Feed
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thompson Building LLC
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Shop
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mart Anthony - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 372 W Ontario Ltd. Partnership
Awning(s) for Teaser's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mart Anthony - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soho House Chicago
Awning(s) for Osteria Via Stato
Awning(s) for @ Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inn at Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le Pain Quotidien
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 601 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 623 W Diversey Pkwy
Awning(s) for Starbucks No. 272
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving Park Family Dentist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 637 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joong Boo Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 639 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 651 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L'Occitane, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Awning(s) for Sushi Para Too
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3374
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Torres Electronic Equipment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Umami Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candyality
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The
Awning(s) for Candyality
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Findtickets.com
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stellar Wine Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4 Montrose, Inc.
Awning(s) for Nannan Asian Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stella's Diner
Awning(s) for European Classic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accurate Auto Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Japanese American Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arlington Glass & Mirror Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Feet Spa, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Corner Snack Shop, The
Awning(s) for Northcenter Eye Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Merz Apothecary
Awning(s) for Tigerlilie Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timeless Toys Ltd.
Awning(s) for Ollies
Awning(s) for Rice Thai Asian Kitchen
Awning(s) for Vinci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bookcellar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lily
Awning(s) for Cookies Cocktail Lounge 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - 4557 N Ravenswood Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1375 W Fulton Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3302 W 87th St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vickie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Street Company 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Whole Foods Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aurelio's Pizza - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9341 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5701 S Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5210 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5120 N Winthrop Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6009 N Broadway - 375 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6009 N Broadway - 100 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6009 N Broadway - 179 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3390 N Avondale Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3600 N Talman Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - 1,863 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - 114 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - 1,955 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - 111 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - 1,842 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - east elevation 25 feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - east elevation 43 feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - east elevation 106 feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - south elevation 43 feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - 25 feet 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 29 E Ohio St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 28 N Franklin St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 555 W Adams St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St -- Sign 2 - 133 sq. ft. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 S Wabash Ave - Sign 1 - 210 sq. ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 S Wabash Ave - Sign 3 - 210 sq. ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 S Wabash Ave - Sign 4 - 137 sq. ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2047 N Milwaukee Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vinci
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambit Management, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condo Asssn.
Canopy(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Canopy(s) for 1400 Museum Park Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Donald Blair
Canopy(s) for Family Dollar No. 2431
Canopy(s) for ABC Pagers & Cellular No. 26
Canopy(s) for AP 500 North Milwaukee Property LLC - 504 N Green St
Canopy(s) for AP 500 North Milwaukee Property LLC - 505 N Green St
Canopy(s) for Thermal Electric, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Regal Lofts Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Discount Store
Canopy(s) for Marinero Bar and Grill
Canopy(s) for Family Dollar No. 2458
Canopy(s) for Family Dollar Store No. 7570
Canopy(s) for Barnes & Noble Bookseller No. 2922
Canopy(s) for East Ohio LLC
Canopy(s) for Franklin Room
Canopy(s) for Garmin International, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Onni Hudson Limited Partnership
Canopy(s) for Salvatore Ferragamo
Canopy(s) for 70 East Walton Residences
Canopy(s) for 111 West Illinois Street LLC
Canopy(s) for Heritage Title Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4082 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janik's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standard Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wormhole, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackwood BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brasserie by LM
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hackney's Printers' Row
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buffalo Wings and Rings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beer Bistro, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican Quality Meats
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cortland's Garage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Seven Ten/Atlas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan's Bar and Grill
Awning(s) for Crater Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Free People
Awning(s) for Shawarma Garden
Awning(s) for Village Laundry
Awning(s) for 2509 Fullerton Commercial Condo LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acanto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avec
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Toma
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beatrix
Awning(s) for New Balance Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Medical Specialist
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella! Bacino's
Awning(s) for Mandela African Grocery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bijan Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Awning(s) for Johnny D. Parker
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bottlefork
Awning(s) for La Jerezana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Half Acre Beer Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus, Inc.
Awning(s) for Barnes & Noble Booksellers No. 2922
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 161 E Huron St
Awning(s) for Delaware Place Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Direct Office Furniture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line
Awning(s) for FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line/Wafel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fettes, Love & Sieben
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Harrison Hotel, Inc.
Awning(s) for Kitchen Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Pancake House, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Me Dee, Inc.
Awning(s) for Kozy's Cyclery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P J Clarke's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tishman Speyer
Awning(s) for Studio 41
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pony Inn, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Waffles
Awning(s) for 420 N Wabash LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pippin's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2432
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pranzi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morse Fresh Market - building projection
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Public House
Awning(s) for Whole Foods Market - Privilege No. 1115911
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Pig, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morse Fresh Market - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shay Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04461
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quartino
Awning(s) for Whole Foods Market - Privilege No. 1115912
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03961
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trophy Room
Awning(s) for Benefit Cosmetics LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panaderia Ayutla Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Troquet River North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 10558
Awning(s) for North Community Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zed 451
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petite Elite Academy, Inc.
Awning(s) for FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07179
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market
Awning(s) for Four Belly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 70 East Walton Residences - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Associates LLC
Awning(s) for Residence at Clark & School Condo Assn., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RL
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arrogant Frog, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoga Six
Awning(s) for Yefseis LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art of Chicken, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 70 East Walton Residences - siamese connections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Awning(s) for 3800 N Lake Shore Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonalds
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RPM Steak
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Dog Gelato
Awning(s) for Allstate - Tim Thavis Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siena Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 70 East Walton Residences - tree grates
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Streeters Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossing Tavern, The
Awning(s) for Chopping Block, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Advocate Trinity Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Awning(s) for Family Dollar Store No. 7149
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elbo Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7139 Self Park
Awning(s) for John & Mindy Sullivan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro For All Il, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lindo Guadalajara Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 2968 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sims Metal Management
Awning(s) for Me Dee, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern at the Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3301 N Lincoln Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bradley Properties LP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bub City
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull & Bear
Awning(s) for Surgicore, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butch MC Guire's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2877
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carmine's Clam House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Barbershop - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Centro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for CH Distillery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Awning(s) for Dreamscape Nails
Awning(s) for Farmers Ins.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Barbershop - pole
Awning(s) for Ivy Garden After School Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Free People
Awning(s) for Lucky Land Realty, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doc B's
Awning(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mutual Sales Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 15992
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Downtown Dogs
Awning(s) for Guerreros Pizza, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Umami Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Red Latina Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 959 W Webster LLC
Awning(s) for U-Haul Storage of Marquette Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 90 Miles Cuban Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Loop Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for State Farm
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Annoyance Productions
Awning(s) for Haire's Gulf Shrimp
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Erie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bandera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big City Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Club, The - light fixtures
Awning(s) for El Gran Burrito Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Club, The - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - 2934 N Sheffield Ave
Awning(s) for PHD Electronics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Club, The - exterior mount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - 2901 N Sheffield Ave
Awning(s) for River Sky Travel, Inc.
Awning(s) for Small Burger, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn., The - 3418 N Sheffield Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gage, The
Awning(s) for Municipal Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barnes & Noble Bookseller No. 2922 - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Cultural Mile Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Countryside Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gibsons Steak House
Awning(s) for Puerto Rican Cultural Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francis Wisniewski
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fahlstrom's Fresh Fish Market
Awning(s) for D'Agostino's II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Belly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barnes & Noble Bookseller No. 2922 - cornice
Awning(s) for Elegant Nails on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Halsted Street Deli & Bagel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haberdasher Square Lofts Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halo Salon for Men
Awning(s) for Green Oak Food & Liquor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Monaco
Awning(s) for Pinky Nail Chicago, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub 51/Sub 51
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bentley
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
Awning(s) for Caputo & Popovic Law Firm
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kafenio
Awning(s) for KeyXpres Tax Service, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kerryman, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3201 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sinai Congregation - landscapings
Awning(s) for Tony's Chinese & American Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sinai Congregation - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3404 N Southport Ave
Awning(s) for Las Americas Jewelry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3800 N Southport Ave
Awning(s) for Lily's Bridal & Gifts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sinai Congregation - ramp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 1401 W Waveland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nori Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Colonial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sinai Congregation - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Burger Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 10 E Delaware Pl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Samuel and Donald Martin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dillman's Delicatessen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 135 N Clinton St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 439 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Midwest Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 1120 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luxbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lyfe Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scott Stiffle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - signs - Privilege No. 1116385
Awning(s) for American Dental Associates Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sluggers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garrett Popcorn Shops
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thalia Spice Asian Fusion Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Awning(s) for Fedex Office and Print Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yefseis LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC
Awning(s) for Jerger & Jerger, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ajoys Gas Depot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kitchen Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5440 - building projection
Awning(s) for M.R. International, Inc. - 2342 W Fullerton Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lao Sze Chuan Downtown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 3952
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5440 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mallers Building Limited Part
Awning(s) for M.R. International, Inc. - 2340-42 W Fullerton Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Real Estate/AAF One North LaSalle Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Papa John's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Naf Naf Grill
Awning(s) for Sleepy's - Privilege No. 1114645
Awning(s) for Sleepy's - Privilege No. 1115581
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nail Pro
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Cingular Wireless PCS LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jack's Gladstone Park Easy Was
Awning(s) for White House Black Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thatch, The
Awning(s) for Chicago Gadgets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pockets
Awning(s) for El Yunque Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pranzi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eden Supportive Living - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Purple Pig, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eden Supportive Living - planters
Awning(s) for Auto Ins. Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson Tower
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2621
Awning(s) for Storino, Don and Nuzzo, John
Awning(s) for Oriole Enterprises, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Robin Burger Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallimaufry Gallery
Awning(s) for E-W Auto Body, Inc.
Awning(s) for Family Dollar Store No. 7570
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - 222 W Hubbard St
Awning(s) for Sleek Beauty Studio LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Chinese Kitchen
Awning(s) for Martinez, Rosalina (Ms)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Borelli's
Awning(s) for Body Shop, Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 5 W Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - 212 W Superior St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology
Awning(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3400 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maushan Temple
Awning(s) for Jackalope Frontier, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3550 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tradition
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rod's Auto/Transmission Center
Awning(s) for Hard Water Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troquet River North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa John's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store, The
Awning(s) for Panaderia Ayutla Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Awning(s) for Recyclery, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Youyo Frozen Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regal Lofts Condo Assn. - balcony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 437 Rush
Awning(s) for American International Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Midwest Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regal Lofts Condo Assn. - guardrail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Awning(s) for Levinsons, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RoscoeBooks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 on the Park Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 10874
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shinola Detroit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5287
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corcoran's Grill & Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranalli's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 372 W. Ontario Ltd. Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stitch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grecia's Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 565 West Quincy Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whirlyball
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marvel Group, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1840 N Clybourn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primary Eye Care Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5411 Empanadas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7057
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alannder Family Limited Partnership - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Gadgets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prestige Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alannder Family Limited Partnership - fence
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Caesar's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houndstooth Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alannder Family Limited Partnership - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Haul Storage of Marquette Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2934 W Montrose Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kirkwood Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5532
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldmore Food - security cameras
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Last Bay Beer Co. LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Midwest Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldmore Food - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mystic Celt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vito & Angelo Pizzeria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hook Fish and Chicken
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newport Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Burger Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Hook Up/MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Lanes, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3397
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Europa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Hewitt Tax Service
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Storino, Don and Nuzzo, John
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Collision Damage Experts LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks No. 231
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eurocenter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6944
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughan's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Russo Hardware & Paint, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charter Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laundryworld
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America Transfers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5392
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domicile Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deluxe Nails Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kathleen Brown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5719
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TCF National Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grossinger Honda Auto Body
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7178
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kathleen Brown - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank - 5650 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7612
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Real Good Juice Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS - 4235 W 26th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scientific Plating Company, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sedgnorth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS - 3701 W 26th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank - 5700 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Street Barbers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for I One Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Outfitters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brownstone Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for All Saint Cathedral Parish Cemetery/Polish National Parish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Busy Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Outfitters - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Touche
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monty Gaels Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dia De Los Tamales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Milagro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arkadia Apartments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miranda, Martha P.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Works No. 837
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pier 1 Imports, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ATI Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pilsen Learning Academy for Youth, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diana' Food & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Haul Moving & Storage of South Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for YMCA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Midwest Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Yamaha of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dream, Inc. - fire shutters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dream, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Hewitt Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sharks Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Hook Up/MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Surgery Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants - 983 W George St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - Privilege No. 1119735
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry and Loan of Chicago No. 13
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1160 N Halsted St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1160 N Halsted St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1160 N Halsted St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3035 N Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6083
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Assoc., Inc. - 5235 S Harper Ct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Assoc., Inc. - 1301 E 53rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Skeptyk Co.
Canopy(s) for Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown
Awning(s) for Blue Sprout
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One River Place Condos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 7 E Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 259 E Erie St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1360 N Ashland Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Cheval
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Mac's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta D' Arte
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fournette LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maude's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Betty, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cobra Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Gees
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sports Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2724-28 N Lincoln Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butcher's Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frog N Snail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stella's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redmond's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uncommon Ground
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wilde
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matilda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tango Sur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Mercado Food Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monsignor Murphy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookie's Tree Ltd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spencer's Jolly Posh Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bernie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolucion Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joys
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Renaldi's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fahlstrom's Fresh Fish Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hutch
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windy City Sweet's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flub A Dub Chub's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bobtail Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sensational Bite's, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cesar's on Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sluggers Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crosby's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zizi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kumas Too
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macello Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Pool Hall
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky's Sandwich Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Haymarket Pub & Brewery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bridgeport Coffee House, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lotus Cafe & Banh Mi Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Soho House Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tete Charcuterie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cemitas Puebla
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Husky Hog BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pour House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chisox Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turtles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Aberdeen Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireplace Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thirty3
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grange Hall Burger Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hello Tacos! De Cero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess River North, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suite Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burton Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TGI Friday's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D4 Irish Pub & Cafe 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 508 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 277 E Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 360 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 35 E Monroe St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 676 N St. Clair St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pittsfield Cafe 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Med Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 312 Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago - Privilege No. 1117389
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins Togo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 352 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 221 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brehon Pub 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction - Chicago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 7 Lions Bar and Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GT Fish & Oysters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 16 W Randolph St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago - Privilege No. 1117369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patron's Hacienda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Casa 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Submarine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Leary's Public House 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's River North 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boarding House 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffecafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's on Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prosecco 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Rebozo Chicago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni Patisserie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houlihan's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 100
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 190 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boss Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Howl at the Moon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinzie Street Chop House 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 545 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dillman's Delicatessen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pei Wei Asian Diner 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hubbard Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mastro's Steakhouse 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tempo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RPM Steak
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oak + Char
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and The Loft 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Counter 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2510
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 225
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2545
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 18013
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 15683
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee - 200 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mixed Greens
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2877
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee - 600 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10199 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 24453
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 51581
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 7709
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 819 N Rush St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nacional 27
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 140 S Dearborn St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pops for Champagne
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mike Ditka's Restuarant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Market Brassiere
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Chicago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Hefe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sayat Nova
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Uno Chicago Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 224 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 120 S LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackfinn Ameripub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Firewater Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edison Park Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Machu Picchu Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Himmel's Chicago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Selmarie 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Lima Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Provisions Catering and Events
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Littlefort
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yin Dee Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sierra Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Miku Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Northcenter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marmalade Chicago 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gio's Sports Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sola Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bartoli's Pizzeria 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laschet's Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glenn's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spaccanapoli 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yogurt Square 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pony Inn, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bulerias, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Donovan's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport and Irving 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Apple, The 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piggery, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Shaughnessy's Public House 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fork
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 114
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McNamara's Food & Drinks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for G N P H No. Nine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Alps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Finley Mahony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Lakeview
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2335
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Buena Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tweet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Cat
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 05867
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake's Pup in the Ruf, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Chicks, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Broadway Cellars
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burke's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Metropolis Coffee Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2635
Sidewalk cafe(s) for That Little Mexican Cafe II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mas Alla Del Sol
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kopi, A Traveler's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hellas-Gyros, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Cafe & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's Andersonville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riccardo Enoteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Catering, Chocolate 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wells on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 565 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 959 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarascas International
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delightful Pastries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glascott's Groggery, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Woodie's Flat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Margot
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Plum Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marge's Still
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarantino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzaria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies on Wells, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Adobo Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twin Anchors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 206
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks No. 272
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vanille Pattisserie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Social
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gemini Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stanley's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Annette's Italian Ice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Homeslyce Wheel House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam 'N Honey
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranallis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunset Caffe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub's Gyros II, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lady Gregory's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe-Damen Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joe's Wine Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Sheep
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bird's Nest
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Osteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paulines
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza House 1647
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lucky
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flagship Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floriole Bakery LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for White Oak Tavern & Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letiza's Natural Bakery/Enoteca Roma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlays on the Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bucktown Dysfunctional Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hideout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ipsento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frasca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lush Wine & Spirits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lottie's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Sunday
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwins Chocolates & Fudge 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cantina Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago DQ Grill & Chill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitty O'Shea's Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meli Cafe on Dearborn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waffles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Overflow Coffee Bar L3C
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 1004
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bionda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cactus Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fontano Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wabash Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kasey's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congress Hotel, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company No. 673
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's - 343 S Dearborn St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's - 338 S Plymouth Ct
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Canopy(s) for Green Dolphin, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 175 W Jackson Blvd
Awning(s) for Green Dolphin, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 542 S Dearborn St
Awning(s) for Park Dental Group
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1459 W Taylor St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Neil's on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Umai
Sidewalk cafe(s) for CrossTown Fitness
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 547 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Shop - 1018 S Canal St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A10
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yusho HP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 631 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norman's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles Etc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Solazo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pitchfork Food & Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8954
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7554 S Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&B Signs
Awning(s) for Sports and Fashion Group
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2989 N Milwaukee Ave (facing N Central Park Ave) 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2989 N Milwaukee Ave 
Awning(s) for Hotel Indigo Chicago Gold Coast
Canopy(s) for 330 N Wabash Ave LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Streets, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nori Chicago 
Awning(s) for Homey Gallery
Awning(s) for Las Palmas Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Easy Bar
Awning(s) for Crater Food & Liquor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Max's Wine Dive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Brown's Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Craft Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mana Food Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoke Daddy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swig
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fame
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2817 W Touhy Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Takito Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Pour
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paladar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alliance Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Innjoy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Ale House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Star Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jerry's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthem, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for High Noon Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starfruit Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bangers and Lace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roots Handmade Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza and Pasta on Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mondo Meatball
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nini's Groceries
Awning(s) for City Sports
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7180-7192 W Grand Ave/2519 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 450 N Cityfront Plaza Dr -1,056 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 450 Nh Cityfront Plaza Dr - 1,128 sq ft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Club, The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty Nine Sixteenth Street Condominium Association - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominick's No. 147/1147 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WMS Gaming, Inc.- landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WMS Gaming - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bennett Brothers, Inc.- vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WMS Gaming - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago Packing Co. - manhole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Schemitsch - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - curb cut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Anunciaion - step
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shoppe, The - Permit No. 1100064 - sign 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shoppe, The - Permit No. 1076906
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trattoria No. 10 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Habana Libre
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kokopelli Chicago
Canopy(s) for Picante Taqueria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Links Taproom
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mac's American Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirai Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Bull/Bordel
Canopy(s) for Extra Space Storage
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Modern Asian Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oiistar
 Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Dental Assn. - vault
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University - pipe tunnel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Osteria Langhe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - kiosk
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Restaurant, Veneno De Nayarit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taus Authentic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Active Insurance Agency, Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Taylor Funeral Home Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tumans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adelheid Mars - bay window
Canopy(s) for Jackson Park Hospital Foundation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan of Chicago No. 13 - light fixture
Canopy(s) for Order Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank - vault
Canopy(s) for Glitz Car Wash on Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foremost Vas Liquors - sign
Canopy(s) for Rubschlager Baking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jay's Beef of Chicago, Inc. - sign
Canopy(s) for Hello Tacos! De Cero
Canopy(s) for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Fluevog Shoes Ltd. - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Islas Marias - sign
Canopy(s) for Rehydrate Water Bar & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Asian Outpost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luxury Property Management - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Fifth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mondo Meatball - light fixture
Canopy(s) for Banana Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2154
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 161 W Illinois St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 333 W Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PMG LS Investments LLC - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sonco Real Estate LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tamarack at Riverwalk
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beggar's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chef Luciano
Canopy(s) for Workroom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1629
Awning(s) for Fullerton Pawners, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lucy's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Chilango's Place
Awning(s) for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julia Trinh
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Formento's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Building Commission of Chicago
Awning(s) for Papa John's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rudy & Anna's Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Goat Diner
Awning(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mahoney's
Awning(s) for Studio Xfinity
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Next Restaurant
Awning(s) for Sweet Mandy B's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nohea Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Porkchop
Awning(s) for Township Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Viaggio
Awning(s) for Happy Arts
Awning(s) for Chicago Produce
Awning(s) for Big Hugs for Little Hands, Inc.
Awning(s) for Juan A. Chapa
Awning(s) for Order Express
Awning(s) for Peachtree Nursery and Learning Center, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tixteco Mexican Restaurant
Awning(s) for Mercato Del Pesce, Inc.
Awning(s) for D' Cuba
Awning(s) for Maria's Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carson Elementary School
Awning(s) for Ali Baba Hookah Bar
Awning(s) for Amanah Accounting Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sauganash Cleaners
Awning(s) for Bunotax
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ani
Awning(s) for Dino's Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buona Terra Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JJ Fish Chicken & Momo's Steak
Awning(s) for My Sister's Closet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floyd's Pub
Awning(s) for Norwood Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro on 62nd Sourh Ashland
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Awning(s) for Michael C. Pattrick Insurance Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for George's Hot Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wreck and Roll Auto Body South, Inc. (for 16th Ward)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Awning(s) for Dri/Ca Gibbons/Steger LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hot City Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Kite's Chocolate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando Milano Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pat's Pizzaria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patsy's Place
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe                                                               
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S&G Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siboney Cuban Cuisine
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Awning(s) for Four Seasons Nails and Spa Studio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wicker Basket Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Animal Hospital Ltd.
Awning(s) for Fund IX Oed Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chan's Restaurant
Awning(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radio Shack No. 6551
Awning(s) for One East Delaware Apts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Awning(s) for River North Cleaners
Awning(s) for Tempo Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JOJI BP
Awning(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Awning(s) for 640-650 Lake Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwest Insurance Network
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paco's Tacos 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O&W Enterprises
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Three Sons Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Yoga Six
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Book Covers, Inc. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Bites Asian Tapas & Sushi
Awning(s) for Paul's Noodle Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Book Covers, Inc. - security cameras
Awning(s) for El Mariachi Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Gil Young Suh
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boulevard Deli & Liquor
Awning(s) for Matilda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gemma Properties LLC - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Pacifico, Inc.
Awning(s) for M4Men
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Rice
Awning(s) for Reflexion Spa LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gemma Properties LLC - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Masa Azul
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Jazmines
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Ranchito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Wells Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Township
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tea King Garden Co.
Awning(s) for Northwest Auto Spa Hand Car Wash, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woolman Washington Cooperative
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tutto Italiano
Awning(s) for Oggi Trattoria & Caffe
Awning(s) for Order Express, Inc.
Awning(s) for Planned Parenthood/Chicago Area
Awning(s) for Urban Eyecare, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buffalo Wild Wings
Canopy(s) for Swedish Bakery, Inc.
Awning(s) for State Farm
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Tower Condo Assoc.
Canopy(s) for Ambassador Condo Homeowner Assn.
Canopy(s) for Bar Toma
Canopy(s) for Geller Investment Co.
Awning(s) for Foot Clinic, The
Canopy(s) for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus
Canopy(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intrigue Dance and Performing Arts Center
Awning(s) for Les Petits Marseillais
Canopy(s) for 3 FNP Owner LLC
Awning(s) for Tony's La-Casa-Del-Joven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwins Chocolates & Fudge
Canopy(s) for American Heritage Investment LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Capri
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sit Down, The
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Hall
Awning(s) for C&O Auto Rebuilders
Canopy(s) for PNC Bank
Canopy(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T Authorized Retailer
Canopy(s) for Dutch Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CorePower Yoga
Awning(s) for Griesel-Jiminez-Stodden Funeral Home Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Hyderabad House Family Dining LLC
Canopy(s) for Life Plus Health Care, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaleski & Horvath Marketcafe Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cut It Out Curt
Awning(s) for Order Express, Inc.
Awning(s) for Connection Studio
Awning(s) for La Pena
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Living Hope Kingdom Ministries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moxee
Awning(s) for Pegasus Restaurant & Taverna
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 44 E Ontario St
Awning(s) for El Rodeo, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W 32nd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5907 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6422 W Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6701 S  Western Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4248 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2601 S LaSalle St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 431 W Pershing Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3301 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5632 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St - 236 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St - 345 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2602 W Pershing Rd - Dave Monahan/All-American Sign Co., Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2602 W Pershing Rd - AGI c/o First American Properties
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s)  2828 N Clark St - 368 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4301 N Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2828 N Clark St - 260 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6117 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7131 W 60th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 922 W Washington Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 840 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 608 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 236 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 176 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 193 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 322 W Hubbard St - 171 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 322 W Hubbard St - 144 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 66 E Wacker Pl
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 121 N Jefferson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1656 N Bosworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1184 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1360 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 901 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2309 N Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) 1154 S Clark St - 100 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1154 S Clark St - 81 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1154 S Clark St - 36 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St
Awning(s) for Cucine del Vento
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2551 W Cermak Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1212 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7031 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1656 N Bosworth Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZPawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1335 N Astor Cooperative - vault
Awning(s) for Save Rite Pharmacy Discount Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Place Condominium Association - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Museum of Broadcast Communications, The - planter
Awning(s) for Public House Theatre, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abram Gale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 on the Park Condo  Assn. - grease basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadbelly
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 685 W Ohio St - Signs 1 and 2
Awning(s) for Father and Son Barbershop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 830 N Michigan Ave - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Theater - marquee
Awning(s) for Bargain Paradise
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott - sign
Awning(s) for International Shipping Link In
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mentor Building Condo Assn./ Wolin-Levin, Inc. - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 54 West Hubbard  LLC - vault
Awning(s) for Birrieria Y Taqueria Lopez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 19 South Wabash Syndicate - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Prague
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Company - foundation support
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Euro Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott - curb cut
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ferajna Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geo. Nottoli & Son, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Filonek's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jet's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rasmos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acre/Ombra
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel-Ami Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for First States Investors 5000A LLC - kiosks
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for First States Investors 5000A LLC - vaults
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireside Tavern and Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for UST Prime 111 Hotel Owner, LP - amend - fee 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Canopy(s) for Chicago Theater
Canopy(s) for GG. Dr. L.L.C.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burrito Beach No. 8
Canopy(s) for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cochan Volant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 27 W Lake St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2026 W Pierce Condo Assn. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gateway Commons Condo Assn. - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vintage Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basil Kezios
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Interstate Realty I LLC - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 211 W Adams St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Booker, a Series of Quinn Properties LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aida Food & Liquor - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Pagoda Martial Arts Academy, Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Embeya
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 35) - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - 40 E Pearson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salgado, Juan fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - 227 E Ontario St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Atmosphere - amend - address
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Auto Glass, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cuisine on Chicago Ave.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studios, Inc. - amend - fee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loya Insurance - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - 407 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whittier School - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Torres, Sigifredo - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal Street Self Storage Co., Inc.- loading dock
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gloria Jeans Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Canopy(s) for Sobie Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hair Loft Ltd., The
Canopy(s) for Tantrum
Canopy(s) for South Chicago Dodge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GRK Greek Kitchen
Awning(s) for Slaughter & Son Funeral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jeffery Breslow
Awning(s) for No Que No
Awning(s) for Blancas Y Pinas Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lunatic, the Lover's and the Poet, The
Awning(s) for New Three Happiness, Inc. The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hannahs Bretzel 180 W Washington LLC
Awning(s) for Fontano Foods
Awning(s) for Junior's Sports Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hop Haus
Awning(s) for Chicago National College/Naprapath
Awning(s) for Galileo Optical Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marwen Foundation, Inc. - door swing
Awning(s) for Amanah Accounting Service Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Awning(s) for Carniceria Roman
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn/Tunnel
Awning(s) for Kenwood Realty Group Inc.
Awning(s) for Jaks Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Specified Plating Company - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Ale House Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 10 E Delaware Pl
Awning(s) for Dan's Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Larrabee Condo Assn., The - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marwen Foundation, Inc. - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Point, The - door swing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 20 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bert's Car Wash & Detail Center - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Dennis Manarchy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 325 Union LLC - balcony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lizzie McNeills
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Brothers Friends of the Elderly - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nando's Peri-Peri - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Equipment Co. - bollard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lyfe Kitchen
Canopy(s) for 325 Union LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moe's Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 5215 W Chicago Ave - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morton's Steakhouse-Wacker Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oriental Medicine - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naf Naf Grill - 309 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc. - 5846 W Fullerton Ave - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naf Naf Grill - 326 N Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for Mather's More A Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Complete Auto Repair - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for William Dudek Manufacturing Co. - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nando's Peri-Peri - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Chicago Meat Company, LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pepper Canister, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 1333 W North Ave - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 2201 N Clybourn Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Community Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 1957 W Belmont Ave - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes/Gold Coast Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morton International, Inc. - railroad switch track
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 3100 N Lincoln Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosemoor Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mark Musick - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2621
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Monaco - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tesa Cigar Company
Awning(s) for Magnum Insurance/Agency, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RA Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pitchfork Food & Saloon - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wargaming West Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adidam Center and Bookstore - marquee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Robin Burger Works - 20 E Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elston Auto Rebuilders Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westend Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Order Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant 2 Amigos - occupation of space
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Robin Burger Works - 190 W Madison St
Awning(s) for Bloom Realty Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Robin Burger Works - 328 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marble - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Enolo Wine Bar
Awning(s) for Let's Get Stranded
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shake Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Our Lady of the Resurrection - sample basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for UB Dogs
Awning(s) for Chatham Dental Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Star Auto Mania - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Veneto
Awning(s) for West Lawn Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 63 Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Touch of Europe, The - security camera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pert Glenwood Cleaners - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Awning(s) for Chicago Health Outreach, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ellipsis Coffeehouse LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Shore Community Bank -sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le's Pho
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joodi Rad - stair case
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc. - 6536 N Clark St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunset Liquors
Awning(s) for Aggeus Healthcare, P.C.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zanzibar Cafe and Ice Cream Shoppe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish Covenant Hospital - pedestrian bridge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Restaurant Art
Awning(s) for Payless Discount Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Hook Up/MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Awning(s) for Elements in Motion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Joe's
Awning(s) for Taste of Mexico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fin Sushi Bar
Awning(s) for D&N Fried Rice, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS - Privilege No. 1116700
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 2701 N Halsted St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Garcia's, Inc.
Awning(s) for Homemade Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margies Candies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New England Seafood Company Fish Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slim's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 42 N Latitude
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coronas Coffee II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dollop Coffee and Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4009 North Sheridan Road Building Condominium, The - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS - Privilege No. 1117038
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Mananitas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5539
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newark Corporation - diagonal parking space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3393
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi Inc. No. 62 - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Dog Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MCM Pub & Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Hookup/MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughans Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diag Bar & Grill - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beezzee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big & Little's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Bliss
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diag Bar & Grill - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Harvest Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dojo Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dive Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Esencia Urban Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home2Design LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Icebox
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Innovative Express Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milt's BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JP Burke's Patio & Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Minibar Meat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kass Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Long's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paul's Noodle Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pompei on Sheffield
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rise Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117592
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117589
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117593
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117608
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117602
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nortown Automotive Repair Service - Privilege No. 1115578
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butcher & The Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Vienna & Catering, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Declan's Irish Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nortown Automotive Repair Service - Privilege No. 1114792
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frances' Restaurant & Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rexx Rug & Linoleum Company, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glunz Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stio - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Burger Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pars Cove East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perennial Virant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prost
Sidewalk cafe(s) for River Shannon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stio - trellis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toms Shoes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shine Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sully's House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swirlz Cupcakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wendy's No. 001168
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle, Rice and Bubble Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wishbone Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wishbone Restaurant - light fixures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White House Black Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leo Designs Ltd. - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MPS 5058 LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Professionals Moving Spacialists, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Williams Electronics Games, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spyners Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Clark Building Corp. - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anong, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basa Projects LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edgewater Workbench - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kent M. Lucaccioni Ltd.- sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan of Chicago No. 13
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnolia Commons LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Americas Travel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - ivy trellis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thresholds
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winthrop Commons LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uprising Theater
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winthrop House LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6134 Kenmore Flats LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for China Hut Restaurant - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Bank & Trust Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heartland Cafe - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Mother's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick Jr.'s Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Croatian Cultural Center of Chicago - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eastern Style Pizza II LT - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand & Central Hand Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hema's Kitchen - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midtown Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Overseas Electronics - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Medical Office Building - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McNamara's Food & Drinks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Computer Zone USA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cremeria La Ordena
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS/G7 Electronics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ReStore Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dino's Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Notre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Select
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beer - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butcher's Tap - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants Assn. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield JB LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trellis Wine Bar - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Onni Hudson Limited Partnership - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 2412 N Lincoln Ave - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radio Shack No. 6456 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 953 W Webster Ave - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Robin Express - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoga Six - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Roof Inns No. 281 - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rookery LP, Inc. - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Park LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tesori - wind screen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Outfitters - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 54 West Hubbard LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 North State Street (Chicago) Owner LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 on the Park Condo Assn. - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 on the Park Condo Assn. - retaining walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 on the Park Condo Assn. - earth retention sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 640-650 Lake Street LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 640-650 Lake Street LLC - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1221 N. LaSalle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosentino Center - Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador Condominium Homeowner Assn. - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark Street Beach - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dram Shop Ltd. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fahlstrom's Fresh Fish Market - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Froyo Chicago Cafe  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivy League Club, The - planter curb
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivy League Club, The - planter railing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador Condominium Homeowner Assn. - planter railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kirkwood Bar & Grill - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Casa Spazio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mia Francesca Corp.- sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Matilda - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Puesto Sandwich Stand, Inc. - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Compass Group USA, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1000 Liquors/Big City Tap - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3030 North Broadway LLC - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank NA - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Topweb LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dri/Ca Gibbons/Steger LLC - exhaust ducts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oscar Torres - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dri/Ca Gibbons/Steger LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eden Supportive Living - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dri/Ca Gibbons/Steger LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elements, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eden Supportive Living - occupation of space (seat box)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fado Irish Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holly Beauty Salon - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Geller Investment Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IHOP - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gino's East Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenmore Commons LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Good Stuff Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hal Series LLC 1260
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer/Wireless Hookup - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunnyside Commons LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson Tower - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown - condensers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown - generator
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 750,  LLC - Trees
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee and Tea 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harding Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Con Leche D' Noche 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan Theatre, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Longman & Eagle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abbey Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barba Yianni Taverna, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mayne Stage/Act One Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11751
Canopy(s) for Sears, Roebuck and Co. No. 1200
Canopy(s) for Macy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tacos Tequilas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Firestone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Village Dental Care - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toy de Jour
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wendy's No. 001461
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mary Ann's Foodtini
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gemma Properties LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Enterprises - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hertz Corp., The - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for I Love Chicago - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kafenio - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment 11 -  bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Buy - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kohler Signature Store by Studio 41 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago 2300 Clark Partners LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lids No. 6186 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago 2300 Clark Partners LLC - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Company - ground retention systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago 2300 Clark Partners LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corcoran's Grill & Pub - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lyfe Kitchen - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward Benford - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward Benford - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - pedestrian bridges
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gaslight Bar & Grille - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grossinger City Autoplex, Inc. - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jayson Home - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Hall - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One East Delaware Apartments - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One East Delaware Apartments - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2468 1/2 N Clark St - sculpture (public art)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 358 W Webster Ave - sculpture (public art)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 447 W Diversey Pkwy - sculpture (public art)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6353 W Fullerton Ave 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revival Social Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sutherland's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Dog Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Connie's Pizza - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Goat Tavern
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7300 N Western Ave 
Canopy(s) for Chicago Title Land Trust as Successor Trustee Under Trust No. 34369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amato's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Star Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bina's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Select 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rub's Backcountry Smokehouse 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Simone's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vernon Park Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ferajna Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St - 137 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Convenience for You - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Convenience for You - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury Larrabee LLC/Wolin-Levin, Inc.- balcony
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5836 N Pulaski Rd - 15 feet 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5836 N Pulaski Rd - 16 feet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royaltan Homeowners Association - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Communication Agency, Inc. - planter
Canopy(s) for Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
Canopy(s) for River East Plaza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The - 820 N LaSalle Dr - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  East Ontario Condo Assn.- decorative fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homemade Pizza Company, LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The - 830 N LaSalle Dr - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway 500 West Monroe Fee LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The - 153 W Chicago Ave - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison Street - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Ensembler Theater Corporation, The - sheeting and footing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Kong Chinese Food - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana - basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XX - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rose-Rush, Inc. - entrance enclosure
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3454 - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone Tavern & Grill - windscreen
Canopy(s) for Rosebud Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neesh by Dar - decorative light
Canopy(s) for 33 West Huron Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Duelire Vino & Cucina - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 60 East Lake LLC - exhaust duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard H. Driehaus Museum, The - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XX - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Coast Neighbors Associations - kiosk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Power Co. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Power Co. - marquee
Canopy(s) for Clark Adams Associates, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AON Center - curb cut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AON Center - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Park Plaza, LLC - sidewalk vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Master Association - roof overhang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Master Association - monument
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pompei - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belden Commonwealth Condominium Association - sprinkler system
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1000 N LaSalle Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Charmers Cafe/The Dagel and Beli Shop
Canopy(s) for Stefan Olaru
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fe Grocery, Inc.- sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University - fence, retaining wall and light pole
Canopy(s) for Gorski Bakery
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 N Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ballroom, LLC, The - fire escape
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2444 N Elston Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 20) - tunnel
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St - 137 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 36) - vault
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8451 S Pulaski Rd
Awning(s) for Target
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2828 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5324 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3545 N Kedzie Ave - 65.36 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3545 N Kedzie Ave - 84 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gaslight Bar & Grille - windscreen
Awning(s) for Star Bright Car Wash
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 E Wacker Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2845 N Sheridan Rd - north elevation
Canopy(s) for John E. Maloney
Awning(s) for Income Tax Service
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735 N Ashland Ave - 267 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave - 100 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave - 20 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 825 N Christiana Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 825 N Christiana Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5357 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6104 S Kedzie Ave
Awning(s) for Domicile Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pin Curls - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Awning(s) for Lush Handmade Cosmetics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M. Johnson Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Furniture Liquidators, Inc.
Awning(s) for Fuga LLC
Awning(s) for Lake View Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wheatland Tube Company
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4555 S Racine Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6701 S Western Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6701 S  Western Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4216 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5730 S Drexel Ave - 180 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 425 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lugiano's Pizza - fire escape
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5730 S Drexel Ave - 360 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 758 W North Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1475 W Fulllerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1650 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5721 S Maryland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2626 W Devon Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2707 S Wells St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 344 E 63rd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6858 S Aberdeen St - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2600 N Western Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2600 N Western Ave - south elevation
Awning(s) for Cathay Bank
Awning(s) for Children's Creative Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ink Smith, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taxim
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Better Source, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Unite Grill LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Taylor Loft No. 1879
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Town Bakery & Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Winchester, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe - 1150 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2060 N Damen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express No. 2012
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless, Authorized Agent 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofi LLC
Canopy(s) for La Pasadita
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Three Brothers Food and Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Plus One Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Primary Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2923
Canopy(s) for Subway
Canopy(s) for H&H Body Shop
Canopy(s) for Target Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Casa Spazio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriot - bollards
Canopy(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lotus Cafe & Banh Mi Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon Financial Services, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Hilton Chicago Magnificent Mile Suites
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grill on the Alley, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for I Love Chicago
Canopy(s) for Rosebud on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jesse Chicago
Canopy(s) for Eden Supportive Living
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ground Control Restaurant LLC
Canopy(s) for Methodist Hospital of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labriola Bakery Cafe - Privilege No. 116084
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Guerrero's Tacos and Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mac West LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mac West LLC - tree grates
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Latin American Restaurant & Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mother's Too
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown - 1024 N Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MRR 678 Kingsbury LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa's Cache Sabroso, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime and Provisions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spy Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Upton's Naturals Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zoup
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 11 S LaSalle Hotel Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment 1 c/o Group Fox
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frances' Restaurant and Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert Cummings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shoe's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silver Image
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 22423
Sidewalk cafe(s) for HQ Beercade II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kamehachi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sirena Clandestina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mama Milano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matchbox, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perez Mexican Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Santorini
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 1154 Fulton Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Corner - decorative fences/railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Corner - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Rogers LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Conte Di Savoia, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Simply Prepaid
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target No. T-2373
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria Alex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2862
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roots Handmade Pizza - Lincoln Square
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurence
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 929 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2053 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 723 N Ogden Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 806 N Peoria St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 730 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Live Poultry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gallery Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marshfield Urban Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirador
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MM.Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Temple Bar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turquoise Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bellwether Meeting House and Eatery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi Ba Get
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 N Dearborn St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blaze Pizza - Privilege No. 1117939
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Wraps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A State and Lake
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Parts and Labor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scofflaw
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Grand
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07179
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagel No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Expression Lavazza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicken Works and Salad Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash House A Go Go
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Havana Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avenue Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dolce Casa Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Growling Rabbit a Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hacienda La Amistad Restaurant Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melao Latin Cuisine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kroll's South Loop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eleven City Diner
Awning(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Awning(s) for Joyeria Flores, Inc.
Awning(s) for Guadalajara Photo Studio
Awning(s) for Velazquez Jewelers Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 5724
Awning(s) for MetroPCS
Awning(s) for Order Express, Inc.
Awning(s) for Fifth Sun Graphix, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bee and Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless, Authorized Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foot Locker No. 8754 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Pasadita
Awning(s) for Hi-Tech Auto Body of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sugar Fixe Macaron
Awning(s) for Skyline Hair Designer
Awning(s) for Devon Market
Awning(s) for Jesse Chicago
Awning(s) for Le Pain Quotidien
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 2923
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boundary, The
Awning(s) for 9 W Erie Holdings LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Forno
Awning(s) for Ambrosia Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash
Awning(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Johns Sandwich Shops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tokyo Parking, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sports Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 19)
Awning(s) for USA Bridal & Tailor
Awning(s) for Villa Roma Barber Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pullman Cafe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brandon Family Health Center
Awning(s) for Co Co Vietnamese Sandwiches, Inc.
Awning(s) for Haircuttery No. 3401
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cocula Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big J
Awning(s) for Duc Hung Video, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Community Health Network
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Historic Stand, LP Holsten Real Estate Development Corp. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moxee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Volcano Sushi Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Takito LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Veterinary Housecalls
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Strada Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Output
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tsukiji Fish Market, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Runa Japanese
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chez Moi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Del Seoul
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paris Club Bistro and Bar/Studio Paris/Ramen-San
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi Ba Get - 3141 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee and Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brazilian Bowl, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pelago
Canopy(s) for Polynesian Village
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - privilege No. 1118055
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cohiba Cuban Cuisine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reverie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cozy Noodles & Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shamrock Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WLS Television, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Froyo Chicago Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoque BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MFK
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo of Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tre Soldi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Agami Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for VHC Lower LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caravan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinyl Social Food and Drink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troy Mediterranean Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wood
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3562 E 118th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9613 S Western Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Grind
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flywheel Sports LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Cafe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3033 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6601 W Irving Park Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patio Beef, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Borelli's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pete's Pizza and Bakehouse
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5829 S Archer Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Browntrout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tedino's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2367 W Logan Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dinkel's Bakery, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pearl Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Social
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoga Six
Awning(s) for European Psychic Shop
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098173
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4200 S Pulaski Rd 
Awning(s) for Rolls N Bowls
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098174
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098175
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098177
Awning(s) for Aqua Salon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 South Wacker Property
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for CB Richard Ellis, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bridgestone USA, Inc. - Privilege No. 1119267
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bridgestone USA, Inc. - Privilege No. 1119268
Awning(s) for Northwest Dentistry, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boulevard North Condominium Association
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 07515
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norfolk Southern Railway Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 19 East - fence and gate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lillie's Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 222
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patsy's Place
Canopy(s) for T-Mobile
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Temple Bar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Wok's Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anvan Midwest Realty Management Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gallery Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lucky Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floriole Bakery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carter's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2510
Canopy(s) for Urban Outfitters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401
Canopy(s) for Metro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gibsons Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ciao Napoli Pizzeria, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Taco No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amato's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2545
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Matou - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Awning(s) for Ankin Law Office LLC
Canopy(s) for Jewel Food Store  No. 3454
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Awning(s) for Klein Hardware, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) Downtown Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenwood Academy High School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pippin's Tavern
Awning(s) for Horizon Realty
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luxbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Akzo Nobel Chemicals, Inc.- sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devon Seafood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line
Awning(s) for Stuart Handler Real Estate Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonnie Sante Health Foods, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bolero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mana Food Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dominick's Finer Foods - Store No. 2775
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Ale House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alliance Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M-C Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for People
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panozzo's Italian Special Ties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beer Bistro, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitty O'Shea's Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congress Hotel, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2234
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Awning(s) for Harold's Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2211
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe 57
Awning(s) for Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Awning(s) for Mount Greenwood Auto Body Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Rush University Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salonica Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican, The
Awning(s) for Asian Avenue
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Siena
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigleyville Wild Wings - canopies
Awning(s) for American Awning & Window Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Irys
Awning(s) for William Blyth
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dog House Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sign
Awning(s) for White House Black Market No. 3458
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cagan Management Group, Inc. - name - amend
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Hospital, The - irrigation system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for OrIginal Pancake House, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for AVEC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarascas International
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks No. 272
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Pig, the
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Herbaland, Inc. - 3125 N Milwaukee Ave - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Streeters Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twin Anchors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 7709
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burton Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 24453
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glascott's Groggery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palacios, Ernesto - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for  Lizzie McNeills
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Talbott Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Properties - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwin's Chocolates & Fudge Ice Cream Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - conduit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hamm, John R.- sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Melrose LLC - bay window

Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Eatt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Parkway Gardens Associates - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1986 W Algonquin - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 206
Awning(s) for Henry's Swing Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W2005 CMK Realty LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - Privilege No. 1119735
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tempo Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gap, Inc. No. 5789, The - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carmine's Clam House Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Renaldi's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bernie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Ohio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uncommon Ground
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sluggers Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houndstooth Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quartino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leo's Coney Island
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - Privilege No. 1119734
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - Privilege No. 1094788
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Mananitas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee  No. 225
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 25917
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WLS Television Inc.- fiber conduit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 279
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kerryman, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bijan Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Selmarie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jury's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2335
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brownstone Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nano Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bananas Foster Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Chicks, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Broadway Cellars
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CB2 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zanzabar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gio's Sports Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dolce Italian
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11751
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Veneto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 42 N Latitude
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Shaughnessy's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Lincoln Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sola Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costa Vida
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Trullo
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven No. 37152 A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music Garage Chicago, LLC - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Running Away Multisport
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bennett Brothers, Inc. - amend - fee
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trattoria No. 10 - amend - fee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Escape - security escapes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bow Truss
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11
Awning(s) for State Farm Agent Juan Wheat
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 06980
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 5868
Canopy(s) for 50 East Chestnut Condo Assn.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3145 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2868 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 627 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7511 S Cottage Grove Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7529 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6550 N Sheridan Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 20 W Kinzie St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3431 W Diversey Ave - 25 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3431 W Diversey Ave - 27 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3431 W Diversey Ave - 50 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Elston Ave - 128 sq. ft. - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Elston Ave - 430 sq. ft. - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Elston Ave - 128 sq. ft. - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Elston Ave - 430 sq. ft. - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Elston Ave - 186 sq. ft. - east elevation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06641 - sign
Canopy(s) for Figaro Euporean Shoes
Canopy(s) for Lavillita Cleaners & Tailors
Canopy(s) for PPF SS 1909 West N95th Street LLC
Canopy(s) for A-Aaron Jewelry & Pawnshop
Canopy(s) for PPF SS 4534 West North Ave LLC
Canopy(s) for Flair Tower LLC
Canopy(s) for Sterling Bay
Canopy(s) for Kass Management Services, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Jefferson Inn
Awning(s) for Amarit Restaurant
Awning(s) for Carter's
Awning(s) for Smith & Smith Smile Studio, P.C.
Awning(s) for Red Pepper's Lounge
Awning(s) for Aranoff True Value Hardware
Awning(s) for Wee Care Nursery School
Awning(s) for Pucci's Restaurant & Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Arca De Salvacion
Awning(s) for La Casa De Samuel Restaurant
Awning(s) for Education Depot, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Woodlawn Animal Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Awning(s) for Papa John's
Awning(s) for Wingzone
Awning(s) for American Girl Privilege No. 1118468
Awning(s) for La Merced, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S@Kura
Awning(s) for American Girl Privilege No. 1118469
Awning(s) for Gorditas Santiago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silom12
Awning(s) for Big Bowl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kin Sushi & Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table, Donkey & Stick
Awning(s) for Costa Azul Travel
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Redhot Ranch
Awning(s) for Cochan Volant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm
Awning(s) for Havana Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buddy Guy's Legends
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young Men's Christian Assn. of Chicago
Awning(s) for Sunnyside Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Loop Strength & Conditioning
Awning(s) for Red Kiva
Awning(s) for Maggiano's Banquets On Grand
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Store No. 1889
Awning(s) for Terry's Toffee, Inc.
Awning(s) for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless Authorized Retailer - 231 E 47th St
Awning(s) for Healthy Spa
Awning(s) for Madison Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Salem, Inc.
Awning(s) for Carolyn's Lounge
Awning(s) for Lincoln Apartments Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for Volare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago File No. 46
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thoms Four Wheel Drive - Privilege No. 1092221 - sign
Awning(s) for Edible Arrangements
Awning(s) for Parthenon Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Z Wireless of Illinois, Inc. No. 1/Cricket
Awning(s) for Nicks Pit Stop
Awning(s) for 162 W. Hubbard Building Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2210
Awning(s) for Haircentrix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless Authorized Retailer - 9132 S Commercial Ave
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 04978
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Haul Moving & Storage of Bronzeville
Awning(s) for Burwood Tap
Awning(s) for Etno Village Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julia Trinh
Awning(s) for Sapori
Canopy(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liza's Furniture, Inc.
Awning(s) for Pat's Pizzaria - Privilege No. 1118396
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Truck & Trailer Repair - fences
Awning(s) for Pat's Pizzaria - Privilege No. 1118397
Awning(s) for 3030 North Broadway LLC
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 2903
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Ultimo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Truck & Trailer Repair - occupation of spaces
Awning(s) for Brudder's
Awning(s) for Pyramid Partnership, Inc.
Awning(s) for Roseangelis, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless - 5131 S Kedzie Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aberdeen Tap, The
Awning(s) for Presence Health
Awning(s) for Carlos Hair Studio
Awning(s) for Horizon Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Awning(s) for Lather Chicago
Awning(s) for Happy Kids Learning Center, Inc.
Awning(s) for Madison Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 5926 - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Harding Tavern, The
Awning(s) for Los Arcos Authentic Mexican Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 5926 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dollop Coffee Co. at the Fisher Building
Awning(s) for IL Giardino Del Dolce, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hashbrowns on Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Jamay
Awning(s) for Patriot Tax Services and Insurance, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hero Coffee Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Simply Prepaid T Retailer
Awning(s) for Cut By Maurice, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kurah
Awning(s) for Taylor Street Sub Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIU B
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Awning(s) for Svea Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Klees Golf Shop
Awning(s) for Hong Huah Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Providence St. Mel High School - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Pawn 3
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beezzee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's Hyde Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Agate Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Jake's Auto Body
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Economy Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket (an authorized dealer)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gemma Properties LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potsticker House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Bank of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaytune Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Red Orchid Theater
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Agency EA - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Valentina Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Agency EA - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameritech
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton West Loop Cedar LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for David Burke's Primehouse
Awning(s) for Diversey/Clark LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celeste
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Kiva
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Cooked, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless - 4028 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laymon Scullark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1650-1654 W Division LLC - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunny Side Up
Awning(s) for Noble Day Care, L3C
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No. 2 (for 16th Ward)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket (an authorized dealer)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butcher's Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soap Box, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ellie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Frog's Local 22
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Remington's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reb Steel Equipment Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1650-1654 W Division LLC - sheetings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luke's Lobster
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athleta No. 7095
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Delicias De Michoacan, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincenzo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beer Bistro North, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Kiva
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dimo's Pizza Six Corners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIU
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fjallraven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corned Beef Factory Sandwich Shop, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joe Fish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fabcakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117582
Sidewalk cafe(s) for W Chicago-City Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117585
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Astoria Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117586
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Art of Chicken, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117583
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Dre LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1117581
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gari Sushi & Asian Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicks Pit Stop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jane's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pat's Pizzaria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crossroads Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monkeys Paw, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pottery Barn No. 994
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bagelers Coffeehouse, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PPF SS 2751 N Clybourn Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hero Coffee Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apple, Inc. - irrigation system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGee's Tavern & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for JP Burke's Patio & Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nine Classic Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leader Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bountiful Eatery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apple, Inc. - tree grates
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta Al Gusto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yango's Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacci Cafe and Pizzeria on Milwaukee Ave, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heavenly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee and Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's Grill 1, Inc. (for 35th Ward)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crash Champions LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pink Krokodile Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marino Chrysler Jeep Dodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine & Pizzeria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neighborspace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joie De Vine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AG-OCG 360 N Michigan LLC - grease basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AG-OCG 360 N Michigan LLC - manhole
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing Tours & Gray Line 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AG-OCG 360 N Michigan LLC - valve vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hops and Barley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Lev Com
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bojonos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reservoir
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gannon's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Bryn Mawr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The - bridge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Monelli Trattoria Pizzeria
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Western Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uptown Pho
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LAZ Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W 32nd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metra Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cocoa & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One East Delaware Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for House of Glunz, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Gino's East of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mitazi One
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Cheese on Lincoln, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Social
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plum Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosin Eyecare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Velvet Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shine Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 9 W Erie Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Restaurant & Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Therese Chinese Catholic Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stephen Griessmer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 333 Building Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitchen Sink
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 W Ontario in care of Advantage Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Catholic Bishop of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leona's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seminary Commons Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wow Bao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Josi's Frozen Yogurt Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orange Theory Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target No. T-2373
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marbles:  The Brain Store - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marbles:  The Brain Store - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Vintage Management LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T Authorized Retailer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Belle Shore Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa John's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Theus Properties Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5501 N Clark St Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5553 -5559 N Magnolia LLC 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4459 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roots Handmade Pizza-Lincoln Square
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PPF SS 4634 W North Ave LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burton Funeral Home - sign (for 16th Ward)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burton Funeral Home - light fixtures (for 16th Ward)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1615 N Wells St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 670 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Huron St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 632 W Addison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2548 S Federal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4244 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 850 W Addison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5530 W Homer St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1555 N Halsted St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1555 N Halsted St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8240 S Stony Island Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 S Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4440-4450 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 608 sq. ft.
Canopy(s) for Meli Cafe & Juice Bar
Canopy(s) for Poncitlan Jalisco No. 1
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Takito LLC - beams
Awning(s) for Milwaukee Furniture
Awning(s) for Bradley M. Weinberg & Assoc., PC
Awning(s) for Consumers Supply Co.
Awning(s) for Tucker Pups LLC
Awning(s) for Family Hair Care
Awning(s) for Toddler Town Day Care Too
Awning(s) for Titos Jewelry
Awning(s) for Zorbas Bakery
Awning(s) for Edison Park Inn
Awning(s) for Haberdasher Square Lofts Condo
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11 - 2102 N Clark St
Awning(s) for Shen Shen Health and Harmony
Canopy(s) for Catholic Charities of Chicago, The
Canopy(s) for CAA Hotel Owner LLC
Canopy(s) for Streeterville Center LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Mango
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Option Room, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for ZBerry
Awning(s) for Fashion Tomato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Loop Salumi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe
Awning(s) for Gala Banquets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Awning(s) for Jack C. LI DDS
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cocina Mexican Grill LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Merlo on Maple
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mezcalina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Enterprises
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monkeys Paw, The - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jeffery Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hwawon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shirts Ours Business Ltd.- light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shirts Ours Business Ltd. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dave & Buster's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment 11
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Place Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. James Lutheran Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monkeys Paw, The - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mermaid Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pompei on Sheffield
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Cornelia Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cleats Manufacturing Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Solid Gold
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Girl & the Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warren Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenmore Prominent Condo Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Belmont Retail Investors LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pita Pit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Andersonville
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2060 North Damen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sun Fresh Market & Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Men's Wearhouse No. 4684, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garland Office Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brightwok Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kids & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - exhaust duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5050 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xoco
Awning(s) for Pengtian MA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 224 Property Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 45 E 51st St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - stair bay
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5101 S Prairie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5101 S Indiana Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vice District Taproom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Wells Condo Assn. - Privilege No. 1118790
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Just Fit Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Wells Condo Assn. - Privilege No. 1118662
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Partners Management Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mac West LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School, The - 315 S Plymouth Ct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Gino's East of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1K Fulton LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saimai Thai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 71 S. Wacker Dr LLC - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pointe 1900 Retail LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for In Sun Kim - bay window
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 2400 sq. ft. - No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Lawn Foods - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Original Maxwell St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Southern Cooking Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ramirez, Maria - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Greek Gyros, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for FRC Kinzie Jefferson LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZBM Inc. - facade
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angels & Mariachis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa Jin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheldon Liquors - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Streets Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sudler Real Estate School - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Gelato
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vernon Park Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bangers & Lace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Loft Six Ten
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spadaccini-Rosenberg, Natalie - ice melt system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janik's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Conte Di Savoia Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tumans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Escallier, Richard - roof eave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milk & Honey Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaipur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O & W Enterprises - 2977 N Elston Ave - Permit No. 1095647
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sears Roebuck & Co. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jerry's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suite Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portage Lofts -fire escapes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Santorini
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Square Limited Partnership - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3831 N Fremont St - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moonshine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evelyn Condos - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S@kura
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coobah II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4554 Broadway LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 66 W Illinois St - 167 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Viaggio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for One Sixty Blue
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keenan O'Reilly's Pub - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alcock's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tasting Room, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Natural Pizza Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingfisher Restaurant - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chutney Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Poag Mahone's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hackney's Printers' Row
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Goat Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC, 1459 W Taylor St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC, 175 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 111 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eleven City Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cactus Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamarind
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sol De Mexico Tierra Azteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC, 547 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giorbony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kasey's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for LaCantina Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess & Grocer, The
Awning(s) for Narragansett Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 1004
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volo Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turquoise Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Huey's
Awning(s) for Martinez Supermarket
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artist's Snack Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tutto Italiano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tapas Valancia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggies Bar & Grill - 2105 S State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggie's 2109 S State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Park 52
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hide Out Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norman's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tinajon Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Osteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sit Down, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turtles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buffalo Wings and Rings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franco's Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Solazo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread  No. 933
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe, 676 N St Clair St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe, 188 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sarah's Pastries & Candies, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frasca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro 110
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beckett's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cortland's Garage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Awning(s) for Higgins Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Steve's Deli of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sayat Nova
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Los Moles Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dos Diablos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Colonial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffecafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast & The Goddess Gold Coast
Awning(s) for Lakeview Auto Parts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beat Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for George's Hot Dog
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Erie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scoozi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silver Cloud
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jilly's Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Petterino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pitchfork Food & Saloon 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea, 819 N Rush St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea, 16 W Randolph
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hoyt's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Irving Sacramento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Loop Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for English
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Longman & Eagle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for LaSalle Power Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hershey's Chicago Store - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe, 35 E Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fourth Presbyterian Church of Chicago - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe, 360 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe, 1121 S State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pelago
Canopy(s) for PSM Family Limited Partnership
Canopy(s) for Cleaning Funeral Home @ Cremation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Boulangerie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlays on the Square
Canopy(s) for Richland/Wentworth 2002, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buona Terra Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abbey Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Hoghead Mcdunna's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinzie St Chop House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Canopy(s) for Ben Pao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 437 Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caponies Cafe & Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria - 160-164 E Superior St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mc Namara's Food & Drinks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D4 Irish Pub & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Mac's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Espression
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador Condo Homeowner Assn. - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway Sandwiches & Salad
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranallis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hershey's Chicago Store
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silversmith Hotel & Suites, The - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 545 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub's Gyros II Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 312 Chicago
Awning(s) for Prado Travel Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acre
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - Espression by Lavazza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pressure Incorporated
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Cafe - 162 E Ohio St
Canopy(s) for CR Madison Management LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Espression
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireside Pub, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Touche
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Flour Bake Shop & Market, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Rosebud on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Living of Metropolitan Chicago - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Casa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Theatre - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pops for Champagne
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vermilion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern at the Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brehon Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TGI Friday's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pepper Canister, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sinai Congregation - bay window 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC, 1 N Lasalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill, 8 E Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill, 291 E Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever 21 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIU
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins Togo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hubbard Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Washington 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull & Bear
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CB2 - roof overhang
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margies Candies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Browntrout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wolcott's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Company Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostinos Pizza
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3536 S Iron St - 452 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sports Corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3536 S Iron St - 393 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melanthios
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4070 S Pulaski Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Avanti
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4819 N Western Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Bayou
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2520 S Hoyne Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo of Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2801 W Fullerton Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Gondola Cucina Italiana
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2249 N Cicero Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3422 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Looseleaf Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee No 708
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stella's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Tree Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windy City Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melrose Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wilde
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chili Mac's 5-Way Chili
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monsignor Murphy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho & I
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather's Cafe on Southport
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coobah II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Messner's Wrigley Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Lanes Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fedex Office and Print Svcs. Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bobtail Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull-Eh-Dia's Tapas Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mystic Celt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta D'Arte
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eden Supportive Living
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Too
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornelia's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laschet's Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiny Lounge Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bowmans
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spaccanapoli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taza Coffee & Deli Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly's Sandwich Works No 114
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Provisions Catering and Events
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NC4000 Condo Assn. - grease basin
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101491
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Donovan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kopi A Traveler's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for That Little Mexican Cafe II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crew Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tedino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Metropolis Coffee Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Mitchell's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Bryn Mawr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies on Wells, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Pete LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Central Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gruppo Di Amici
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Bacino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corcoran's Grill & Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No 100
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Awning(s) for Lucia Gourmet Italian Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Med
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Austrian Bakery & Deli, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delicious
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Margot
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 161 W Huron St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wells on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Hen Bread
Sidewalk cafe(s) for HUB 51/SUB 51
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abram Gale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Station
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Adobo Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3150 W 36th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3920 N Broadway
Awning(s) for McDonalds Restaurant No. 14173
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Canopy(s) for Michael's Sports Lounge
Awning(s) for Giordano's on Jackson
Awning(s) for Troquet River North
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 06641
Awning(s) for West Egg Cafe
Awning(s) for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fantasy Nails
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11 - 2104 N Clark St
Canopy(s) for Dulceria M International
Awning(s) for Angela's Burrito Style
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan Quick Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Girl & the Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way Gostosa Hair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lessing Townhomes Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nebel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orange Theory Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parthenon Guest House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plumbers' Jac, Local 130, U.A.
Canopy(s) for Gardner School Lincoln Park, The
Canopy(s) for PPF SS 2751 North Clybourn
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11 - 2110 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gardner School Lincoln Park, The
Awning(s) for North Point Lending Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand River - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand River - sign - Privilege No. 1119244
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orange Theory Fitness - sign - Privilege No. 1118399
Canopy(s) for Keim Furs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orange Theory Fitness - sign - Privilege No. 1116572
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marin Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Eye Eyewear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocking Horse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1218 Diversey LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05234
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intelligentsia Coffee and Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05356
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Canopy(s) for AH-Reiver East LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bullhead Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Chicago Meat Company LLC
Canopy(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caninos De Michoacan
Canopy(s) for Residences at River East
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Sun Graphix, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Park 2550 Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Replay/Elixir
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sara's Botanica
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tecalitlan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5411 Empanadas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Active Electrical Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gene Zurawski State Farm Ins.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amatos Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Genuine Parts Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile Limited
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 22423
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cottage Grove Food Mart - fire shutters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Vintage Bloom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aqua Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cottage Grove Food Mart - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baird & Warner Real Estate, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Veneno De La Villita
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leo's Furniture & Upholstery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Belmont Retail Investors LLC - facades
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vermilion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocks Northcenter - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocks Northcenter - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roots Handmade Pizza - Lincoln Square
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairlife
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile Limited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Via Lima Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blanchard, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LA Tan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kameya
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James R. Markey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James William McVey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petsmart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe L'Appetito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm No. 119015
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pilsen Photo Studio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Tokyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roman Leung
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Insomnia Cookies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New York Delicatessen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yefseis LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paleterias Monarca Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jai Yen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Wells Place - 837 S. Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGuigans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Wells Street - 839 S Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Wells Place - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perfect Cup, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Literacy Alliance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slurping Turtle Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clare, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commuter Rail Division of Regional Transportation Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins - sign - Privilege No. 1118991
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins - signs - Privilege No. 1118990
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barba Yianni Grecian Taverna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jupiter Realty Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury on the Park Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bethesda Home and Retirement Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K2 Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children International Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block Tax Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madewell, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Remus Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Place Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glenn's Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Place Residences Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Green - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Green - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Green - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 W Ontario, c/o Advantage Management - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 W Ontario, c/o Advantage Management - sewers
Awning(s) for Mandela African Grocery
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1422 W 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3033 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3033 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6601 W Irving Park Rd
Awning(s) for A&G
Awning(s) for Gina's Chicken
Awning(s) for La Cienega Super Food, Inc.
Awning(s) for Su Familia Income Tax
Awning(s) for Palateria El Sabor De Michoacan, Inc.
Awning(s) for Just Like Home Child Care Center, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rudy's Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Immediate MD LLC
Awning(s) for Paleteria Poncho
Awning(s) for Taqueria Los Gallos 3 Inc.
Awning(s) for Jaks Tap
Awning(s) for Mandarin Kitchen
Awning(s) for Panaderia Nuevo Leon
Awning(s) for Viva Food Mart
Awning(s) for Yummy Yummy Custard Shop
Awning(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - caisson bells
Awning(s) for Goodwill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2367 W Logan Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Walton Chicago LLC - caissons
Awning(s) for Shop Rite Food Mart, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cynthia Slater Insurance Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ipsento
Awning(s) for Orange Theory Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5050 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5076 S Wabash Ave
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 09000
Awning(s) for Idea Furniture Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Walton Chicago LLC - grease separator
Canopy(s) for FNR WB LLC
Canopy(s) for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc.
Awning(s) for Great Lakes Clinical Trials
Awning(s) for Lawrence W. Kolar DDS PC
Awning(s) for Rockwood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossroads Trading
Awning(s) for Exchange, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McConnell Apartments Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paleteria Poncho
Awning(s) for Unrivaled Fitness LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prisicilla Walter & Douglas Walter
Awning(s) for Wigglyville, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bari
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando's Peri-Peri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Cocina
Awning(s) for Babes on Milwaukee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panaderia Los Gallos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny Brown Bag
Awning(s) for GNS Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gabby's Barbershop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pasta Al Gusto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Degerberg Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L&L Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln and Roscoe LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln and Roscoe LLC - foundation supports
Awning(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richland/Wentworth 2002 LLC - window surround 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6601 W Diversey Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4070 S Pulaski Rd - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4070 S Pulaski Rd - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4070 S Pulaski Rd - Sign No. 3
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4111 W Lawrence, LLC - sign
Canopy(s) for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5721 N Clark St
Awning(s) for A.M. Comfort and Orthopedic Shoes 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5350 W Belmont Ave 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonne Sante Health Foods, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dental Clinic LLC, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4740 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3545 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4800 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1154 S Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1526 E 55th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1380 W Lake St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7300 W Foster Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3145 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4800 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5600 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 148 W 79th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2403 W Homer St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10314 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4730 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5406 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 312 Walton St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - planter -6458 S Cottage Grove Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zee's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Laramie Currency Exchange, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 N Wells St - 122.66 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 221 North LaSalle Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morseland
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen's No. 07055 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Six Corners Bistro
Awning(s) for Etno Village Grill
Awning(s) for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cookies and Carnitas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centro De Traba/Jadores Unidos: Immigrant Workers; Project
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rozana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Small World Inn
Awning(s) for Jack's on Halsted
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward Everett School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 215
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vieyra Plumbing, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Z Wireless/Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ducky's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boundary, The
Awning(s) for Argus Financial Services Ltd.
Awning(s) for First American Title Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lugano's Pizza - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03321 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard Oglesby School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dingers
Awning(s) for Amy's Candy Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2431
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance David J. Frederickson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - earth retentions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06376 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for California Pizza Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward F. Frazier Elementary School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great American Bagel Enterprises, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loop Paper Recycling, Inc.
Canopy(s) for 2501 Armitage LLC
Canopy(s) for Chestnut Row Homes LLC
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 10350
Awning(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Awning(s) for Las Palmas Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 06376
Canopy(s) for Steve Grubman Photography, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07359
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cocoa & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flippo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1118605
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosin Eyecare
Awning(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119639
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098145
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - Privilege No. 1098146
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buddy Guy's Legends
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bronzeville Lighthouse Charter School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 19 East - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hunter Parking, Incorporated
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Place Condo Assn. - grease basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fruve Xpress Juicery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buzz Bait
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Awning(s) for Comfort Suites
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault
Awning(s) for Macy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nellcote & RM Champagne Salon
Awning(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Matter Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1119760
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janina's Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 19) 
Awning(s) for Remington's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center
Awning(s) for Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Tower
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 10350
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Escape - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coalfire Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sultan's Market
Canopy(s) for Enwave Chicago
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 6270
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 07250
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 04936
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 09038
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Baker, The
Awning(s) for Polexport, Inc.
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for Vito & Angelo Pizzeria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apple, Inc. - conduit
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moksha Yoga Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pompei on Sheffield
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stan's Donuts - Clark St - clock
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toppers Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kidz Creative Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bargains in a Box VII LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07359 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plaza 440 Condo Assn. - grease separators
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aloha Travel and Tax Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smashotels Chicago LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigley Field Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Ignition, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smashotels Chicago LLC - foundation support system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bridgeport Coffee House Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09470 - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Valentina Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smashhotels Chicago LLC - sheeting
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jet's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09470 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Haymarket Brewing Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment 11
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for De Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacci Cafe And Pizzeria on Milwaukee Ave, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bulley & Andrews
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Aberdeen Tap, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cuba 312
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hops and Barley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toppers Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marrakesh
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smashotels Chicago LLC - manholes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rasmos Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Parlor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's on Green
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotdog Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raymond Reiss
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kamehachi of Tokyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireplace Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Brick
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Room Restaurant Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel  - vault(s)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gannon's  Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119634
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Downtown Gyros and Cafeteria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zadig & Voltaire
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fresh Choice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119630
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fin Sushi Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 7559
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dragonfly Mandarin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09001
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Java Coast - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119633
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 51 W 79th St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bond Drug Co. of Illinois No. 1768
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oriole Park School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WLS Television, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for El Rodeo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossroads Condominum Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 901 W Belmont Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossroads LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03950
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Replay/Elixir
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05057 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Search Developmental Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather's Cafe on Southport - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish Covenant Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Oz LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06980 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Police Department 23rd District - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06980 - signs
Awning(s) for Michael Roman and Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6092
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fox Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 15873
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blanchard, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LGCL LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04938 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2026 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04938 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2063 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wingstop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2200 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beyond Daycare Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar, Inc.
Awning(s) for U. S. Cellular
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2301 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving Narragansett Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2335 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leona's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2400 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perkolator
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2453 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2485 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Dental Studio of Mayfair, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2530 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ping Pong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Psychic Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2555 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wakamono
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2600 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Makisu
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tres Americas Books, Inc.
Awning(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2650 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sura
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2720 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gunner's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09709 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2747 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abiquiu Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 15350
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza-Metro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09709 - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chilam Balam
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1907 North Kenmore Condominium
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's Market
Awning(s) for Q Sazon Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Belmont LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DS Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crocodile, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Houndstooth Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CocoonCare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fuego Mexican Grill and Margarita Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Triple Crown Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cullen's Bar And Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crust Eat Real
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairfield Inn & Suites - Downtown Chicago - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairfield Inn & Suites - Downtown Chicago - flagpoles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Town
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christy Webber Farm & Garden Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swig
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Barbershop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for William C. Goudy Elementary School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paradise Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Seasons Nails and Spa Studio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy's Long
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119281
Awning(s) for 1633 N Halsted, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Sedgwick Development LLC - balconies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Beetle Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119282
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Sedgwick Development LLC - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Natalino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Sedgwick Development LLC - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kyu Sushi Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119285
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence of India
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guaranteed Rate, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mediterranean Grill & Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119286
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yin Dee Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119283
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armand's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro Communication USA LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Party Palace - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Party Palace - Privilege No. 119279
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Partners Management. Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's - clocks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AP LMC West Loop Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Siena
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mark Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target No. T-2373
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Duck Duck Goat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange on Roscoe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's - Pedestrian Walkway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dee's Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Viet Bowl-Hing Wang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Earls Kitchen + Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formentos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Global Coffee and Cargo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MRR 678 Kingsbury LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1096 - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pittsburgh Paints
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1096 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Uno
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Whole Foods Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 03961
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lula Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3800 North Lake Shore Drive - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ipsento
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1134 W Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3800 North Lake Shore Drive - sprinkler system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Grand
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tanks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Fish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guglielmo Academy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Prague
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - pipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geo, Nottoli & Son, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Play Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sanitary chambers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - Privilege No. 1119026
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wicker Basket Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - Privilege No. 1119197
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 33 Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - drain tiles
Issuance of permits to Westtown Chamber of Commerce for garbage cans in public way
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - caisson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - Privilege No. 1119198
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Pizzeria Roma 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGee's Tavern and Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redflame Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - catch basins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5002 - fire shutter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mario and Gino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fallas No. 535
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bernard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5002 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarantino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hops and Barley - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Palette Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hops and Barley - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cans Bar And Canteen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1593
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Babylon Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04936 - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nohea Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - tieback systems
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sylvia & Mike's Family Hair Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 04936 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Catering Chocolate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless - Privilege No. 1117205
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delightful Pastries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - earth retention systems
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frances Rest And Deli Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless - Privilege No. 1118082
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saluki Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09038 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hong Huah Restaurant
Awning(s) for Mercedes Benz of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - foundation supports
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perennial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09038 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sera Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Annette's Italian Ice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patagonia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plaza 440 Condo Assn. - manhole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hi-Tops
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mama Milano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Duck, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinci
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 39 N Wells St - sign
Canopy(s) for Next Randolph & Wells Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dao Thai Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Sushi & Barbeque Bar - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swirlz Cupcakes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Gianni
Canopy(s) for 3520 Lakeshore Dr Condo Assoc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 45 N Wells St - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1414 E 59th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Fresh Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ben Pao - revolving door
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7353 S Cicero Ave - 76 sq. ft. - Sign 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7353 S Cicero Ave - 28 sq. ft.
Canopy(s) for One North Dearborn Properties LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8133 S Cicero Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shine Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4120 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 5 N Wells St - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7353 S Cicero Ave - 76 sq. ft. - Sign 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5501 S Kedzie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - bollard
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1414 E 59th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6001 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Place Condo Assn. - balcony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oodles of of Noodles
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6700 S Jeffery Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1340 S Canal St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - planter
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2500 N Elston Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Osteria Via Stato - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wacker GP Inc & TDC Canada, Corp. - clock
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros Bagels No 3426 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5036 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havana Grill - fire escape
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 33 E Congress Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros Bagels No 1200
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 530 Lake Shore Drive Condo Assn. - balcony
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8500 W Bryn Mawr Ave - 226.56 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa Jack's Bar and Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8500 W Bryn Mawr Ave - 45.57 sq. ft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel-Ami Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 190 W Madison St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No 2310
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 181 W Washington St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tizi Melloul
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 47 N Wells St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Friends Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 177 W Washington St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Taiyo/Izakaya Hapa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 172 W Madison St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 188 W Madison St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Restaurant Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 7 N Wells St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for San-Marino Deli
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07055
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moe's Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 19 N Wells St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - caisson bells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prairie Fire
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 35 N Wells St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Descartes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership - 37 N Wells St - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gilt Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P. J. Clarke's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3454 - bicycle rack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for PJ Clarke's East
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1212 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 917 W Randolph St - Sign 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 917 W Randolph St - Sign 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Callaghan's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 917 W Randolph St - Sign 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1457 N Halsted St - east elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 N Clybourn Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) 1574 N Kingsbury St - southeast elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1574 N Kingsbury St - northwest elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1574 N Kingsbury St - northeast elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Havana Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1574 N Kingsbury St - south elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Off the Tracks Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1030 W Van Buren St - 85 feet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1030 W Van Buren St - 90 feet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for China Grill 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2800 S Ashland Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 N Clybourn Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee and Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2800 S Ashland Ave - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave, Ste. A201 - west elevation - 20 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee and Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave, Ste. A201 - east elevation - 100 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's State St Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave, Ste. A201 - east elevation - 20 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2800 S Ashland Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave, Ste. A201 - west elevation - 100 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1538 N Clybourn Ave, Ste. A201 - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2242 W Harrison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2300 W Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti Mediterranean Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10000 O'Hare Ave - 1,900 sq. ft. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10000 O'Hare Ave - 697.5 sq. ft. - north elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 18 W Hubbard St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Chicago
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1255 W North Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10000 O'Hare Ave - 697.5 sq. ft. - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1212 S Michigan Avenue - 288 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nacional 27
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 5 W Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thalia Spice Asian Fushion Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leopold
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maude's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Omni Chicago Hotel 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Girl & the Goat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gage, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Green Corner Juice Bar/Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Junior's Sports Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siboney Cuban Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Company Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Henri LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for One Galaria Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fedora Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wit, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for  Mike Ditka's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Studio, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice No 511
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky's Sandwich Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Busy Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pauline's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for C-House Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue 13
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edgewater, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Pacifico, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prosecco 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Favia Cafe & Sweets Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Monaco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brian's Juice Bar & Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Output
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leonidas Cafe Chocolaterie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Egg Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Continental Lounge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake's Pup in the Ruff Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paradise Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Colao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hannah's Bretzel LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Lakeview
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Go Roma Italian Kitchen 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Samba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Awake Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice No 628
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice No 343
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice No 630
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coronas Coffee ll
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Finley Mahony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ra Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for T's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brett's Kitchen Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner 41 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bookcellar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. J's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sticky Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Monelli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angel Food Ltd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fork
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bocca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xippo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Taste of Heaven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marigold
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Cat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitchen Sink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leona's Pizzeria 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chuckie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Good To Go Jamaican Cuisine LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burrito Beach No 8
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pane Caldo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buca di Beppo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Frog Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saigon Sisters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jordan Automotive, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4740 N Western Ave 
Canopy(s) for Paradise Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bella Como Condo Assn. - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6 N. May St. LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moim 1 Properties - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JM Autobody Repair No. 2 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard's Bar - 725 W Grand Ave - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard's Bar - 491 N Milwaukee Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flo & Santo - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Our Lady of the Resurrection - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Top Parking, Inc. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 03321 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barbara Sierra
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roeser's Bakery - Privilege No. 1119288
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Our Lady of the Resurrection - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools/Ryerson Elementary
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roister Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - Privilege No. 1119024
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07359 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07359 - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dante's Pizza, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05057 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1633 N Halsted  LLC - sign
Awning(s) for Carniceria Ricardo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yango's Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaffa Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pockets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matilda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arturo Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny O'Hagan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 175 Sopraffina Market Caffe LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wabash Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sopo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third Rail Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rise Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cesar's On Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackstone Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexica Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cozy Noodles And Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Dream of Falafel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mini Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beggar's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tango Sur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodolfo Di Sapio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bionda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Counter-Custom Built, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leona's Pizzeria, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sensational Bites, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twist A Tapas Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meini
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Barney Stone
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kathy De's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepes A Latte The Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cobra Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kai Sushi
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 645 W Grand Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinnies Sub Shop
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 33 E Congress Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5036 S Cottage Grove Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Kiva
Sidewalk cafe(s) for @Spot Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Machu Picchu Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mel Markons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barista Espresso
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doostan Restaurant Persian and Mediterranean Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piccolo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Select
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Staropolska Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brisku Bistro
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1807 W Devon Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed Homes LLC - sign
Awning(s) for All Bright Therapies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill Wrigleyville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Briens Restaurant and Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 200 W Ohio St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1807 W Devon Ave - App No. 100600976
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1807 W Devon Ave - App No. 100600980
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1807 W Devon Ave - App No. 100600981
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1807 W Devon Ave - App No. 100600978
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3925 N Cicero Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3363 N Milwaukee Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Wework - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army Thrift Store, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel  - vault(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Covent Hotel
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1665 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2639 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2593 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8240 S Stony Island Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm No. 119083
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5136 W Irving Park Road
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vintage Charm, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MPSM No. 476 Realty Corp, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raymond's Tacos No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1868 N Milwaukee Ave - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2367 W Logan Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3730 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2718 W Roscoe St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3132 N California Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson Blvd - elevation at W Van Buren St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson Blvd - elevation at S Aberdeen St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson Blvd - elevation at W Jackson Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson Blvd - 100 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson Blvd - 226 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 W Hill St - 60 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 W Hill St - 140 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 73 W Monroe St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 25 E Pearson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 401 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1111 E 87th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1000 E 95th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4123 W Peterson Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Atlantic 53rd Street LLC 
Awning(s) for West Lakeview Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael P. Callahan Insurance Agency, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3914 N Clark St
Canopy(s) for CB Richard Ellis Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joey's Shrimp House
Canopy(s) for University of Chicago, The (File No 38)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Restaurant Veneo De Nayarit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starfruit Cafe
Canopy(s) for Michael Supera Property Mgmt, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tocco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salud Tequila Lounge
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1939 W 13th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3206 W 61st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8127 S Ashland Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shokolad Pastry & Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bin 36
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pot Pan Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8013 S Cicero Ave - Sign 3 - 380 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Picante Taqueria
Canopy(s) for Wilmette Real Estate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop III
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 231 S LaSalle St - 127.75 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 45 N Western Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co Inc
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 800 W Scott St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2934 W Lake St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3476 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Caterina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zapatista
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W Irving Park Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Canady Le Chocolatier
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago DQ Grill & Chill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St, 4th Fl - 225 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 280 S Columbus Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1333 N Kingsbury St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for L26
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicagos Home of Chicken & Waffles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Regents Cup Coffee House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria El Potrillo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Peep Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasha
Awning(s) for Apartment Finders LLC
Awning(s) for Bucktown Fitness Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Bronzeville LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rim Seafood, The
Awning(s) for Cocoa & Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalibela Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Canopy(s) for Furniture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Smiles - sign
Awning(s) for Plump Chicago Upscale/Resale & Floral Boutique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Canopy(s) for 1120 N Lake Shore Dr Building
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Mango
Awning(s) for Transportation Building 
Canopy(s) for Tantrum
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Snuggery Pub
Awning(s) for Jad Fast Food
Canopy(s) for Target Store No. 1889
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golden Apple Restaurant - sign
Awning(s) for Kenwood Realty Group, Inc.
Awning(s) for Nubian Nation
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Awning(s) for Food Town
Canopy(s) for Athletico Management LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ja' Grill
Awning(s) for Judi's Sports Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Scott Enterprise
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 162 W. Hubbard Building Partnership - fire escapes
Canopy(s) for Nubian Nation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ringo
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 05825
Canopy(s) for Viaggio
Canopy(s) for Ralph Di Silvestro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Del Soul
Awning(s) for SGA Youth and Family Services 
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07687
Awning(s) for Erie-LaSalle Body Shop on Kedzie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mellos Carry Outs
Awning(s) for Mr. C's Midway Bar, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salpicon
Awning(s) for Richmond Food & Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crossroads Public House
Awning(s) for Neil's Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullys House
Awning(s) for Chicago's Pulse CPR Training, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Etno Village Grill
Canopy(s) for Royal T
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vintage 338
Canopy(s) for Gray, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle Rice and Bubble Tea
Awning(s) for Andrea's Grocery, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 162 W. Hubbard Building Partnership - awning
Awning(s) for Birrieria Patinos Ocotlan
Canopy(s) for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe El Tapatio
Awning(s) for Paleterias Monarca Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No 2
Awning(s) for Getconnected
Canopy(s) for M&J Wilkow Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ashkenaz Delictessen
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for ABC Cellular, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bennys Chop House
Canopy(s) for Merchandise Mart Properties, Inc.
Canopy(s) for OGM Investors II LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Canopy(s) for Joseph Freed & Associates
Awning(s) for Young Scholars Developmenttal Institute
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edwardo's Pizza
Awning(s) for Tamales Rosa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave
Canopy(s) for Residence Inn by Marriott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University - occupation of space
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wigglyville, Inc.
Canopy(s) for 200 N Michigan Owner LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Wraps
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southwest Signs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butch McGuires Inc
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 63rd Foods Mart No. 1, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sylvia Torres Underhill State Farm Agency
Canopy(s) for Park Place Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diffused Galleria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for David Burkes Primehouse
Awning(s) for Chicago Auto Radiator Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwaukee Flats
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardos Pizza
Awning(s) for Tripp Entertainment & Mias Photos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fox & Obel
Canopy(s) for Soulcycle Southport LLC
Awning(s) for Formento's Nonna's
Canopy(s) for Peninsula Chicago, LLC
Awning(s) for Jewell Events Catering
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordanos  Restaurant & Pizzeria
Canopy(s) for Nite Cap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Howl at the Moon
Awning(s) for Roditys Restaurant
Awning(s) for Retro Cafe Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Volumes Bookcafe
Canopy(s) for W Chicago City Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5411 Empanadas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Cooked, Inc.
Awning(s) for Taqueria La Oaxaquena
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McCormick & Schmicks Seafood Restaurant
Awning(s) for Bar & Mariscos "El Alteno"
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Board of Education of the City of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meiji
Awning(s) for Carniceria Ricardo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Allegro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lock Up Storage Centers, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Submarine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes Gold Coast Dogs
Awning(s) for Havlan & West
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S & S Heating and Cooling - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Da Nella
Awning(s) for North Clybourn Group, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's on Ontario
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gus Giordano Dance School - sign
Awning(s) for Synthesis A&V, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shamrock Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Street Companies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meineke Car Care Center - sign
Awning(s) for Windy City Orthodontics
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tea Room
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for We'll Clean
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwest Highway Partners - sign
Awning(s) for Los Primos Grocery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiparos Thai Restaurant Inc
Awning(s) for Car-X Auto Service
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
Awning(s) for Betty's & Nick's Montrose
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Whiskey Bar & Grill, The
Awning(s) for Mayan Sol Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zocalo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guesthouse Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 737 North Michigan Avenue Investors LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Square Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mattress Firm No. 119100
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sprintcom, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1120  N Lake Shore Dr Building - flood control
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1120 N Lake Shore Dr Building - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beyond Design, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Borelli's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kindred Hospital Chicago-North Campus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank N.A.
Awning(s) for Cheetah Gym
Awning(s) for Gray, The
Awning(s) for Mastro's Steakhouse
Awning(s) for River North Limited Partnership No. 2
Awning(s) for Tremont Hotel 
Awning(s) for 474 N Lake Shore Drive Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sociale and Cafe Press
Awning(s) for Athletico Management LLC
Awning(s) for Chicago Tattooing Co., Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools
Awning(s) for Jamba Juice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers LLC
Awning(s) for Rainbow Flowers
Awning(s) for Uncle Dan's Ltd.
Awning(s) for Las Tablas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lofts at Museum Park Condo Assn., The - landscaping
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alahambra Palace Restaurant
Awning(s) for Ysabel's Filipino Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lofts at Museum Park Condo Assn., The  - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for De Cero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Veerasway
Awning(s) for Lawrence House Pharmacy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Museum Park Lofts Condo
Awning(s) for Godfather's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Symmetry Physical Therapy LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pony Inn, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wild Goose Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wintrust Bank
Awning(s) for Salon Elan Vital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Awning(s) for Saratoga USA
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Great American Bagel Enterprises, Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Valle Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago (File No. 19), The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lotties Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - chilled water line
Awning(s) for Wild Goose Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Players Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The Medical Center
Awning(s) for Armen Jewelry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Punky's Pizza and Pasta - sign
Awning(s) for Chicago Apartment Finders
Awning(s) for Papa John's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edwards Insurance - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Street Side Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boston Market No. 825
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Con Leche D Noche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 321 S Plymouth Ct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Suits America, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heavenly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hunter Parking, Incorporated - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore High School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Khalil's Food & Liquor - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hunter Parking, Incorporated - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Khalil's Food & Liquor - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East-Side Auto Sales & Repairs LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Emprie Hard Crome, Inc. - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Indigo Digital Printing LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 5617
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Dragon - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Standard Baking, Inc. - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pershing King Drive LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor's Barber Shop & Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Medici Bakery - sign

Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Store No. 1889 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Agencia Mexicana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H Dog Fast Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Troy Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primary Eye Care Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tamales Rosa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred & Jack's El Gran Burrito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Agency EA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ancor Services LLC
Awning(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A. Reed Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car-X Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cullen's Bar & Grill - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Siena
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Galvin's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Galeria Musical & Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anton Hanania
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Builders Cabinet Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Montrose Kimball Check Cashers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Simply Prepaid
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sangamon-Jackson LLC Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lynn Bagley & Todd Zaruba
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaron's Sales and Lease Ownership No. C1731
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carmine's Clam House Inc - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jitlada Thai House Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07687 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swift & Sons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Hope Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07687 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timothy Vincent O'Mahony
Amendment  of awning(s) for River North Limited Partnership No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Simply Prepaid
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oak Street Health MSO LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VIG Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Associated Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Equity Office Properties Management Corp - vault - amend
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 E Ontario Condo Assn - fence - amend
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Lawndale Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hollywood-North Park Community Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avenue Tavern 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Diggity Dog
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie & Sauce Co
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Olive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jai Yen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cocktail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Huron LLC - ramp
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tac Quick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cuba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crazy Chickens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro PCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Huron LLC - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ukai Sushi Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royal T
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rafee Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 811 Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visionary Eye Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Mini Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wintrust Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chris Schultz State Farm Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tabernacle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Socca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 829 N Milwaukee Avenue LLC - cornices
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fortuna Market, Grill & Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Red Grill, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clarke's on Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ch'Ava Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Apple, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Restaurant Art
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anna Maria Pasteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saugatuck Coffee Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico of West Loop LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&C Engineering, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tattooing Co., Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home Run Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 860 Evergreen Properties - concrete
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pure Barre Chicago West Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FLTH IV LLC Holdings 3 - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1134 W Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Melrose Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for @ Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northalsted Business Alliance - 3640 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cagan Management Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Produce, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northalsted Business Alliance - 3417 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Parlor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sonco Real Estate LLC, 3223 N Sheffield Series
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Moving & Storage, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3709 N Wayne Ave Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wheels Auto Repair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tribe S.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Eye Institute
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miss Saigon, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adidas No. 514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raven Theatre Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Pawn of Chicago No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless Authorized Retailer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AG-OCG 360 North Michigan LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pearle Vision Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bennett Brothers, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bloomingdales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old St. Patrick's Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garland Office Condominium LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - kiosks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gloria Jeans Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - Privilege No. 1118762
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - columns pilasters 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - Privilege No. 1118789
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rose-Rush, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 1 S State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - retaining walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia Sportswear Co. - revolving door
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devon Seafood Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SL 231 LaSalle LLC c/o Jones Lang LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 11 E Adam St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 511 N McClurg Ct.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - wooden terrace overhang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 8 W Ohio St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Store T-3207
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Kingsbury LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trans Union LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vans No. 449
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09438
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Associates LLC
Awning(s) for Troquet River North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 201 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 1 E Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 1 W Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology - ventilation wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wirtz Realty Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5 N. Wabash Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 175 Jackson LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Seafood Prime Steak
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Point Tower Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Co. - trellis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marc Realty
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela Breakfast Club
Awning(s) for Panera Cares
Awning(s) for Goose Island Brewing Co.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5721 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3545 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2646 W Devon Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3959 N Lincoln Ave - 520 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3179 N Clark St - 240 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 667 W Diversey Pkwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - north elevation - 106 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - north elevation - 134 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 963-973 East 61st Street LLC
Awning(s) for Tony's Burrito Mex, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Club - security camera
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 16 E. Pearson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BP Gas Station - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guesthouse Hotel, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5036 S Cottage Grove Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 33 E Congress Pkwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4740 N Western Ave - 2,000 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4740 N Western Ave - 3,000 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3175 N Broadway - 126 sq. ft. - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1339 S Halsted St
Awning(s) for Filippo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2213
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Snap Kitchen
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delightful Pastries
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Oskin and Yana Oskin
Awning(s) for Okocim Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Fred Lev Com
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Comfort Holdins LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Museum Park Lofts Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1254-1256 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1255 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex
Awning(s) for Bedside Manor Ltd.
Awning(s) for Snap Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1301-1307 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1317-1319 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. J Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1345 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05825
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1256-1260 S Washtenaw Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GWT SPE LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1262-1300 S Washtenaw Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tenzing Wine & Spirits LLC - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1302-1306 S Washtenaw Ave
Awning(s) for Sandy's Bakery & Deli, Inc.
Awning(s) for Crossroads Christian Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tenzing Wine & Spirits LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1254-1256 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5 Boroughs Pizza & Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1255 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless, Authorized Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Strive Logistics LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1256-1260 S Washtenaw Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University
Canopy(s) for Barley and Brass
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1260 S Fairfield Ave
Canopy(s) for Pink's Child Care Academy Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria Leon Guanajuato, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1301-1307 S Fairfield Ave
Canopy(s) for South Chicago Dodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Veranda
Canopy(s) for Chisme Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1262-1300 S Washtenaw Ave
Canopy(s) for Ali Baba Gifts & Grocery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1302-1306 S Washtenaw Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hamdard Center for Health and Human Services, NFP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AC Marriott Chicago Downtown
Canopy(s) for Edgewater Storge LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beacon Tavern
Canopy(s) for CAA Hotel Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1317-1319 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bed Bath & Beyond of California LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1345 S Fairfield Ave
Canopy(s) for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C Fish House LLC/C-Chicago
Canopy(s) for 613 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kinmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corridor Brewery and Provisions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spanish Square, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tunnels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stan's Donuts-Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Callaghan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roanoke Hospitality LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3709 N Wayne Ave Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rudy's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sprinkles Cupcakes IL LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatgris LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 23421
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vineyard Vines Retail LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lindo Guadalajara Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 E Jackson LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Power Sculpt Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 N State St (Chicago) Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 613 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatgris LLC - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatgris LLC - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Mendelson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franks 'N' Dawgs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gordon Gill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Interior Define, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Karie A. Katz - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Karie A. Katz - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Karie A. Katz - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Karie A. Katz - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenmore Eastlake Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Parkchamber Commercema
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L.I. Portfolio Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Hut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Racing Plumbing - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Racing Plumbing - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert Cummings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Samuel M. Mencoff
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snarf's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warby Parker
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6540 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4150 S Pulaski Rd.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Illinois St - 98 ft. above grade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Illinois St - 106 ft above grade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 259 E Erie St - Signs 1 and 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1620 W Chicago Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3175 N Broadway - 220 sq. ft. - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5406 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 122 W 79th St - 154 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 122 W 79th St - 221 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Superior Management -1133-1147 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 122 W 79th St - 278 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 295 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - 706 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 220 W Erie St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 312 Walton St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1533 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2718 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark 800 LLC - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prop House/Koncrete, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morton's of Chicago/Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snap Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rag and Bone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark 800 LLC - planter curbs
Awning(s) for Pizza Tango, Inc.
Awning(s) for Amorino Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbian Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheesie's Pub & Grub
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2510 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiskey Business
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - catch basins
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norfolk Southern Railway Co.
Awning(s) for Good Shepherd Healthcare LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ancona School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Awning(s) for Honey's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware - awnings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District-Office of Comptroller
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware - canopy
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 05356
Canopy(s) for Paola's Hair Salon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05356 - light fixtures
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 05356 - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving Narragansett Partnership
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nebel, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairfield Inn & Suites-Downtown Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06641 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06641 - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 30)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2711
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clipper/CC Ferns, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AMC Dine-In Theatres Block 37 - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AMC Dine-In Theatres Block 37 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beacon Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Tie Formalwear 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lucki Communication
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McGrath City Honda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RMW Streeterville LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Menasha Packaging Co. LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackwood BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 5121 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 5121 - signs
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9928 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2335 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1433-1437 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4710 N Kimball Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citgo-Tip Top Car Wash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4900 N Elston Ave
Canopy(s) for Peoples Church of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AGC West Town Center Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbian Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gui Dental Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sun Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1868 N Milwaukee Ave - north elevation
Canopy(s) for A&R Food, Inc.
Awning(s) for 6511 Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renovators Outlet, Inc.
Awning(s) for La Fuente
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polynesian Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6361 N Paulina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Burrito King
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hertz Corp., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B&M Auto Collision Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kilpatrick Renaissance, The
Awning(s) for Favorite Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago View
Awning(s) for Klein Hardware, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European & U.S. Car Service
Awning(s) for Andersonville Antiques
Awning(s) for Andersonville Physical Therapy S.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Root Realty, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2139 W Montrose Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Mac West LLC
Canopy(s) for Sterling Bay
Canopy(s) for Superior Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Steak & Lemonade, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adam Oris
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RMW Streeterville LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XX
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Feniks Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St Paul's Biblical Center
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for WRPV XI Seneca Chicago LLC
Canopy(s) for Feniks Club
Canopy(s) for Metropolitan Place Condominium Association
Awning(s) for Simply Soup Salad and Sanwiches
Awning(s) for Taqueria La Mexicana
Canopy(s) for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois
Awning(s) for Perfect Food & Liquor
Canopy(s) for 110 E. Delaware Condominium Association
Canopy(s) for Peninsula Chicago, LLC
Awning(s) for Shen Shen Health & Harmony
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Park Commons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Bubbles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Willy's Rib Shack - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Innjoy - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keith Harrington - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackie's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Merit Bank banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hackney's Printers' Row - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Telecom Consulting Services - passage way
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for William Jones College Preparatory High School - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for William Jones College Preparatory High School - sheetings
Awning(s) for Armand's Pizzeria
Canopy(s) for Mac West LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B&M Auto Collision Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Haul Co. of Illinois, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Three A Cleaners, Inc. 
Awning(s) for New Tokyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Illinois - sign
Awning(s) for Kristoffer's Cafe and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golf Smith USA LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Louie - sign
Awning(s) for Bavarian Chop Haus, The
Awning(s) for Bar Louie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Louie - light fixture 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 635-647 W Roosevelt Road LLC - sign
Awning(s) for Cassona 1509, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle John's Bar-B-Que - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 717 E 87th St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1254-1256 S Fairfield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marshall Blvd Partners LLC - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Los Comales No. 8 Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wing Yip Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visions Complex IV LLC - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alma Mill LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 352 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros Bagels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Credit Center Corp - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hubbard Street Lofts - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury Larrabee LLC/Welin-Levin - sheeting
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McFaddens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Elizabeth LLC - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poah NSP Chicago LLC - trash container
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cantina 46
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poah NSP Chicago LLC - 6200-6206 S Rhodes Ave - step 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poah NSP Chicago LLC - 6153-6159 S St Lawrence Ave - step 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Merlo on Maple
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Gene and Georgetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Community Saving Bank - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stereo Night Club - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dinkel's Bakery Inc  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Iron Industries Inc - staircase
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoghead Mcdunna's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Archer Nash Currency Exchange - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2624 N Lincoln LLC - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2624 N Lincoln LLC - turret
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grape Street and Vine 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 W Superior St - 96 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1840 N Clybourn Ave - 100 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 W Superior St - 75 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for My Thai-Takumi Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 123 N Jefferson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leader Bar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank - planter
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for TGI Friday's - sidewalk cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Linda Kuczka/State Farm Ins - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Allstars on Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charles H. Trotter - fence(s)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twin Anchors - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twin Anchors - windscreen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - kiosk
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 20 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pure Barre Chicago River North
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arby's/SBA Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower Lofts Condo Assn - underground tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4 Legs - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 190 W Randolph St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice -166 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Klee Plaza at Six Corners Condominium Association - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pasta D'Arte - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for UB Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - light pole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bavarian Chop Haus, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Pizza - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Klay Oven, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank N.A. - pipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lake
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Room Restaurant, Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bijan Bistro - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piatto Pronto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dearkin Res, LLC - roof overhang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins/Togo's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Embassy Suites - grease bin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joie De Vine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gibson's, LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ricky G's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for People's Republic of China in Chicago - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centrum Old Irving LLC - roof eave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park College & Theological Seminary - pipe tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sauganash Park Community Assn  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan 30, LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - valve
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros Bagels No. 1363 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huey's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - curb cut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xanna Salon & Spa - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Group Realty - radius cantilever
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quartino - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ceres' Table
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lilly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perez Mexican Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Magnolia Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fast and Fresh
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lake Elizabeth LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spot, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macondo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Damen Kitchen & Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cruisine on Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Globe Pub, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Town Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Katachi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Augie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Ocean Sushi Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sierra Corporation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bavarian Chop Haus, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIA
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piggery, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S&G Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mexique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for High Dive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kin Japanese Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jane's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Next Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oggi Trattoria & Caffe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cafe Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armands Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown  
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tommy's Guitars and Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Bar Black Sheep
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taxim
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gaudi Coffee and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Neat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third World Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roots Handmade Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wormhole, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Capri
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Katakana & Fiesta & Koko Grill
Awning(s) for Sabri Nihari Restaurant at 2500 W Devon Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bella Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zia's Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 13 Pins Tapas & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoque BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epples Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo & Santo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison Street
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buddy Guy's Legends
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lulu Belle's Pancake House 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Safari Cup Coffee Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oh Fusion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hanabi Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Miceli's Deli & Food mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fontanella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ristorante Al Teatro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Efebina's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 1322 S Halsted St - 375 sq ft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa's Cache Sabroso, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carnivore Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flub A Dub Chub's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Efes Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornello Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheesie's Pub & Grub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neighborspace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiskey Business
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Dental Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust as Successor Trustee under Trust No. 34369
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever 21
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage/LS Property Management Services 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Firehouse Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calumet Photographic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Children's Theatre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Partners LLC - valve basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Partners LLC - water line (pipe)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studios, Inc. - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peterson Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sharks Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studios, Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jordan Automotive, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L&G Family Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pomp & Circumstance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago Packing Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Kiva
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meyer Industrial Container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shri Krishna, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10626-10630 S Western LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fair Discount, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Activo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria La Hacienda No. 2, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anti-Cruelty Society, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barbara Ruben Residence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cat and Mouse Game Store, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beacon Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chau & Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for China Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beef and Brandy Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Center Nails & Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank Costa 11
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Theater
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1035 W Van Buren Partners LLC - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1035 W Van Buren Partners LLC - flood control
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1035 W Van Buren Partners LLC - irrigation system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1035 W Van Buren Partners LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1035 W Van Buren Partners LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foot Locker Specialty, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Master Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alliance Paper & Foodservice Equipment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goodyear/Interstate Auto Centers 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Insurance Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coleman's Barbeque 2 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Retro Cafe Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century Plating
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Footaction No. 57217 - banners - Privilege No. 1120267
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zen Yoga Garage LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mounsef International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Footaction No. 57217 - sign - Privilege No. 1120268
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pharmacy One Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Small Bar No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Footaction No. 57217 - sign - Privilege No. 1120269
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sofy's Beauty Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Community First Healthcare of Illinois, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Fondue Stube
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edgewater Storge LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greensky
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hollywood Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Ave Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview at River East Condo Assn. - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview at River East Condo Assn. - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview at River East Condo Assn. - decorative architectural element
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Food & Liquor - Privilege No. 1120653
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview at River East Condo Assn. - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nookies Too, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1000 E 96th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3175 N Broadway - 220 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3175 N Broadway - 126 sq. ft. (north)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SL Civic Wacker LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Housing Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trattoria No. 10
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5 Star Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 330 N Wabash Ave LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 405 North Wabash LLC
Awning(s) for Cornerstore Cleaners, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bookcellar, The
Awning(s) for Sparrow
Awning(s) for Family Dollar Store No. 10874
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravensgoods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley Brown Jewelist Ltd.
Awning(s) for Best Start/Era Thompson, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Convexity Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Freddie Villacci, Jr. Insurance Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Specialty Video
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Park Tower Condo
Canopy(s) for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4150 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6000 W Addison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6307 S Stewart Ave -- 199 square feet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Square Limited Partnership
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 613 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1255 S Wabash Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7511 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Howard Food Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bandera
Awning(s) for PNC Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Just Indulge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chef Luciano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paradise Cantina
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 210 S Kilbourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2309 N Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8013 S Cicero Ave - Signs 1 and 2 - 108 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) 116 E Oak St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s)  3038-3046 W 59th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5501 S Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 231 S LaSalle St -- 254 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 500 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 N Clybourn Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornetto-Mei on Grant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 16 E Pearson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 320 W Ohio St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amarit Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4346 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2500 W Bradley Pl - 243 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 227 W Monroe St
Canopy(s) for Zemsky Corp, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3831 N Fremont St - fence
Canopy(s) for Chicago Sport Cafe
Canopy(s) for Baladoche
Awning(s) for Botanica Obatala
Awning(s) for Jewel-Osco No. 3632
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ruxbin Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buckwick Organix Convenience Store Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tre Kronor Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Philosophy, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dana Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brendan's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Tokyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street Inc - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaleski & Horvath Marketcafe Ltd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sheesh Mahal Dhaba, Inc
Canopy(s) for Danny & Luz Hair Studio
Canopy(s) for John Marshall Law School
Canopy(s) for Acorn Loftominium Owners Association
Canopy(s) for American Male
Canopy(s) for Paris Club
Canopy(s) for North Wabash Venture LLC
Canopy(s) for Howard Common Rentals
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Simones
Awning(s) for Trader Joe's No. 701
Awning(s) for 1.61 and The Bar10Doors
Awning(s) for Sanctuary of Faith Church of God
Awning(s) for Delaware Place Bank
Awning(s) for Lakeside Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gioco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Voltaire
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Wha Who
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Damato Bakery Number 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mambo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Estrada
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros Bagels No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 135 N Jefferson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jet's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxygen Spa Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - building projection
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Steakhouse - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain - sidewalk cafe
Awning(s) for Producciones Yanet
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for TGI Friday's - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grape Street & Vine - sidewalk cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East Plaza LLC - sewage basin
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Karyn's Cooked, Inc. - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant - sidewalk cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Square Condominium Association - grease trap
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howl at the Moon - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Rest. & Pizzeria - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tea Room - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiskey Bar & Grill, The - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edwardo's Pizza - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Q - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saigon Sisters - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for C-House - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic - for sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for GT Fish & Oysters -  sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boss Bar - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brian's Juice Bar & Deli - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xoco - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Lago - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hub 51/Sub 51 - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for English - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Bar & Grill - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bella! Bacino's - sidewalk cafe
Awning(s) for Jack R. Epstein
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8331-8341 S Stewart Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2638 W Lawrence Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4920 N Kenmore Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6190 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 77 W Wacker Dr - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 77 W Wacker Dr - Sign No. 1
Awning(s) for El Encanto Michoacano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harlan High School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 N Milwaukee  - privilege No. 1114438
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 701 W Erie St
Awning(s) for @ Properties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Otom Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Guys Burgers & Fries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Zipo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe 455
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elements, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3730 N Clark St
Awning(s) for Flip Salon
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 162 N Franklin St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donovan's
Awning(s) for Filippo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Habana Libre Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3940 N Ravenswood Ave - Signs 1 and 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pats Pizzaria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MM.Que Rico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6153 Vernon LLC - step
Awning(s) for 3800 North Lake Shore Drive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofra Turkish Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Star Wine Bar
Awning(s) for Southport and Irving
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Que Rico
Awning(s) for Traipse, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floyd's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - steam line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milk & Honey Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 10350
Awning(s) for Quick Stop Pantry
Awning(s) for Gulliver's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trans Union LLC - ground retention system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Completions +
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nubian Nation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 401 S State St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3350 N Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Mitchell's - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2461 N Elston Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2461 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5364 W Devon Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Emprie Hard Crome, Inc. - sewer line
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine & Pizzeria Inc
Awning(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Standard Baking, Inc. - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Store No. 1889 - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Wabash Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - 1400-1426 E South Midway Plaisance - earth retention system
Awning(s) for Dr. Alexander Alemis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Au Cheval
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bookcellar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lis Store - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jake's Pup in the Ruf Inc - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Financial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mom's Old Recipe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 3015 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boss Bar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target - planters
Canopy(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blommer Chocolate Co., The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois - ramp
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor Saveur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delish Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 19)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for East Coast Pantry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tribute
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bennett Brothers, Inc. - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bucktown Dysfunctional Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence Med Spa & Wellness Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Auto Repair Inc - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 221 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bennigan's No. 1426
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GT Fish & Oysters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nella Pizzeria Napoletana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delicious - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Division Chiropractic and Acupuncture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ra-Ha Property Management LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 19) - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The, No. 22 - underground steam conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elephant & Castle Pub Restaurant - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar on Buena, The
Awning(s) for Armand's Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - statues
Awning(s) for California Pizza Kitchen 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domain Condominium Association - ramp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W2005 CMK Realty LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheval Club Condominium Association, Ltd - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Massage Envy Spa Lincoln Park 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC -  windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center - sample basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club 162 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Lakeview Food & Liquor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 899 N Dewitt Pl - power supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panes Bread Cafe - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pong Import & U.S. Auto Service Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Remington Lodging & Hospitality,  LLC - vault
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bella! Bacino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residence at Riverbend Condo Assn. - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for View Chicago LLC - light fixture
Canopy(s) for Huron Sedgwick Development LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beat Kitchen - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beat Kitchen - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Tower - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shoreham Development Group LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Huron LLC - condensers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 236 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Pizza - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avers Court Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University - pipe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tommy's on Higgins - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Streeters Tavern - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Asset Management - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woman's Athletic Club of Chicago - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 222 NLS Properties  LLC - bay windows
Amendment of awning(s) for 445 North Wells Limited Partnership - amend - fee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Imperial Realty Co - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - bicycle rack(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - duct
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bojono's Pizzeria/Healthy Kids Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - kiosk(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One North Dearborn Properties LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Starter & Electric Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athenian Room Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nookies on Wells Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Shannon - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Self Storage World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Valor Corporation - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enriquez Produce Inc. - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Bricks - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Huron LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bradley Cerocke - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neon Design Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fontanella - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Il Vicinato Inc - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aragon Entertainment Center Inc. - marquee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Becovic Management  - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No 2335 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2711
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domain Condominium Association - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domain Condominium Association - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Decorium Furniture, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Care Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redmond's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5002
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 352 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lily
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank, N.A.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Italia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 800 W Huron LLC -staircase
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunset Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club 162
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Napleton's Northwestern Chrysler Jeep Dodge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ginger's Ale House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marmalade Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caravan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Celestial Ministries
Awning(s) for Clippers & Shears Hair Consultants
Canopy(s) for Printers Corner, Inc
Canopy(s) for Irmco Properties & Managment Corp. 
Canopy(s) for University of Chicago Hospitals, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Falafill
Canopy(s) for Joe's Seafood Prime Steak
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Buck Company, The - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zad
Awning(s) for Self Storage No. 1
Canopy(s) for Shoreham Development Group LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanok
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beans & Bagels - 1812 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - vault
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6236 N Western Ave - 147 sq ft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newyork Deli 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Firkin and Pheasant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Star Restaurant, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5905 W Washington Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barrio Urban Taqueria 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1536 W Devon Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3302 W Belmont Ave - 179 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3302 W Belmont Ave - 191 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crash Champions LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3350 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2163 N Clybourn Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee - 200 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5701 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 E Ohio St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 W Hubbard St - south elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishbar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 W Hubbard St - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11350 S Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for JB's Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polk Place Condos Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martial Arts Training Temple
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 829 N Milwaukee Avenue LLC - sills
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beans & Bagels - 2601 W Leland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Belmont LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andina Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Celona
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 829 N Milwaukee Avenue LLC - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Wixter Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fizz Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coalfire
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 860 Evergreen Properties - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mother and Son Snack Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Roma Italian Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flub A Dub Chub's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tino Torres Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howl at the Moon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mary Meyer School, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FLTH IV LLC Holdings 3 - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MFK
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northalsted Business Alliance - 3245 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alverna Group LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CrossFit Defined
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 11833
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jane's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Penny's Noodle Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Clybourn Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Short Stuff Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3200 N Clark LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid City Subaru
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Violet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wintrust Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Lounge, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domain Condominium Association - areaways
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Western - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore Sport & Fitness - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.J. Peppers Food Store - 18AA  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2 Asian Brothers - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncommon Ground
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6560 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6236 N Western Ave - 279 sq ft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair - light fixture
Awning(s) for Toppers Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oscar Isberian Rugs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unique Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brindille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sanitary sewer mains
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - acid sewers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - storm sewer mains
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cityfront Center West Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Properties of Illinois, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - pile caps micropile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - valves
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia Sportswear Co. - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gray, The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Lev Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fordham Condominium, The - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 17 E Monore St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fordham Condominium, The - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havas Worldwide Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Garden Inn-Chicago North Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 111 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Loop Alliance - 190 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless, Authorized Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology - earth retention system
Canopy(s) for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront - Grant amount $26,071.00
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront - Grant amount $7,423.00
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Co. - foundation pads
Awning(s) for Diana's Food & Restaurant
Awning(s) for DePaul University
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Place Condo LLC - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Muelle
Awning(s) for D&H Granite & Marble Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KG Hall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3146 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3831 N Fremont St - fence
Canopy(s) for Baladoche
Awning(s) for Della Monica and Assoc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Q - sidewalk cafe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6560 W Fullerton Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernard Jewelry - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street Inc - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perez Mexican Food - exhaust ducts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - drain tiles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - storm sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - valves
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank Rufffolo - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration -sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3218 W Cermak Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 W Jackson
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3025 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3925 N Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6560 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6120 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 801 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 320 W 35th St - 114 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 320 W 35th St - 158 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1620 W Harrison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1620 W Harrison St - northwest elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1620 W Harrison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 320 W 35th St - 152 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro 110
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condominium Association - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condominium Association - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Gene & Georgetti - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Gene & Georgetti - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Gene & Georgetti - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 51 E Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 1 W Illinois St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 708 N Rush St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 400 E Erie St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 851 N  Dewitt Pl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 60 E Delaware Pl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 111 E Chestnut St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 936 N Rush St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois LLC - 221 E Lake Shore Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 400 E North Water St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 230 E Chicago Ave

Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 410 E Ohio St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Compass Group USA Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Hotel and Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominicks No. 1703
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 421 E Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Lev Com
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 338 N Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 3 W Hubbard St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freshii
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Seal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gertrude, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam 'N Honey
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rokito's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prasino - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Long Grove Community Cleaners
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century 21 Salamanca
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tiny - sidewalk cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hop Haus - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hop Haus - sign
Awning(s) for Paper Doll
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick & Schmicks Seafood Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe Wabash Development LLC
Awning(s) for Trillium
Awning(s) for Computer Services & Counsulting
Awning(s) for 828 S Wabash LLC
Awning(s) for Athletico Sports Medicine & Physial Therapy Center
Awning(s) for America Travel & Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rosas Tamales No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sewers - 245 E Chicago Ave
Awning(s) for Flintstone Smokepit BBQ
Awning(s) for Multiple Wireless Solutions, Inc.
Awning(s) for Old Town Ale House, Inc.
Awning(s) for Su Taqueria El Gallo Bravo No. 4
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sewer - 233 E Superior St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sanitary chamber
Awning(s) for Baby Take a Bow Inc.
Awning(s) for Candle Crystal Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oysy
Awning(s) for Hair & Nails By Sam
Awning(s) for State Farm Ins. - 5616 W Montrose Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Place Condo Assn. - manhole
Canopy(s) for Chess Lofts LLC
Awning(s) for Conn's Cafe & Catering Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patron's Hacienda - flagpole
Awning(s) for French Manicure, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qdoba Mexican Grill - 227 E Ontario St
Awning(s) for Brunch
Awning(s) for Freshii
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - planter
Awning(s) for Hop Haus
Awning(s) for Popeyes Fried Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Awning(s) for Precis Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosatis Pizza & California Style Deli
Awning(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Awning(s) for Homemade Pizza Co. LLC
Awning(s) for Salon Envy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shamrock Club, The
Canopy(s) for Goldblatts of Chicago Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for Westend Dental LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tiparos Thai Restaurant Inc
Awning(s) for Paciugo Lincoln Square
Canopy(s) for Cicero Archer NRG LLC
Awning(s) for TT Nails
Awning(s) for Surplus Deals
Canopy(s) for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Retail Properties Co
Canopy(s) for Equity Office Properties Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bleeding Heart Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carhartt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delish Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loft Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe Moreno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moonshine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regal Cinemas City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vista Motors Ltd. LLC - Sign - Permit No. 1097897
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smoke Daddy - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sugar Fly Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Place Condo LLC - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Place Condo LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush University Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vista Motors Ltd. LLC - Sign Permit No. 1097898
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spertus Institute of Jewish Studies - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vista Motors Ltd. LLC - Sign Permit No. 1097899
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spertus Institue of Jewish Studies - catch basin
Canopy(s) for Hermitage Condominium Association of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Pantry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wm. Wrigley Jr Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Atheltico Sports - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zeller-500 Michigan LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Drexel Terrace Apartments LLC
Canopy(s) for River North Devco LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 35015H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for III Forks No. 425
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Court Partners - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 58 E Oak LLC - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 58 E Oak LLC - planter raillings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Finacial Services of Illinois, Inc. - 4617 S Ashland Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 300 W Hubbard Limited Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 918 Hyde Park Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 353 North Clark LP - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1101-1123 E Hyde Park Blvd LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 353 North Clark LP - earth retention
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3001 Development - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4455 Greenwood Avenue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5049 Drexel Avenue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5053 Ellis Ave LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5229 Drexel Ave LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Court Partners - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Cellular  - 2118 E 71st St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5325 Hyde Park Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maxwell Street Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dady Mart Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midas Auto Systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Georgie's Tavern 
Canopy(s) for Sidney Garber Jewelers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Iguantia Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springfield Financial Services of Illinois Inc - sign- 6618 S Pulaski Rd
Canopy(s) for WWL DHotel Investors LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie Sparkle Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Home Care Services Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labor Temps
Canopy(s) for 33 West Monroe LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - sign - 3945 W 26th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harmony Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smile Dentistry 
Canopy(s) for 3001 Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - sign - 5901 S Archer Ave
Canopy(s) for 2650 Lakeview Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Best Sub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Autozone No. 1917
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dr. Anton Rittling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fireside Pub, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Arden
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jessica Mousely
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PK Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Burrito King 4 Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Casa Blanca
Canopy(s) for Fordham Condominium, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benjamina Books, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Montessori Academy of Chicago I LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lorraine's Lounge Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adobo Grill
Canopy(s) for Louis A. Weiss Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Smiles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Cleveland Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garcia Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aztec Condominium Association - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madrid Jewelry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Thrift  Used Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominicks Finer Foods Inc No. 1695
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Window & Glass Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jiffy Lube
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - sign - 4750 W Fullerton Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Finkl & Sons Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingston Mines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Augie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackhawk/Halsted LLC - valve basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackhawk/Halsted LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnatis Pizzeria - Sign Permit No. 1051094
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bubbles Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caffe De Luca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candle Crystal Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Scenic Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crush LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franklin D Roosevelt Post 923
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnatis Pizzeria
- Permit No. 1097724
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keven Wilder
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 2264 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. James Lutheran Church and School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Anthony Salon Spa Belmont 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salpicon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morton Salt Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northside Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starfruit Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way forThe Market Place Foodstore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - sign - 3119 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tom Eley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tempus Real Estate Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tonic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thomasville Retail Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Cellular - 2008 W Chicago Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Underthings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Orthodontics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2248 Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells on Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilfree Court Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Governors Pawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pitchfork Food & Saloon - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citizens Landmark Preservation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Moms Housing Development LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Moms Housing Development LLC - foundation supports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xpert Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dance Academy, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro Sales Co
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid City Lincoln-Mercury Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Albany Park Auto Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bread & Wine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carquest of Pulaski
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Roots
Canopy(s) for Robert's Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens and Vestry of St. Paul's Church, The - step(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnum Insurance - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Imperial Lighting Maintenance Co.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lichter Realty - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monasteros Ristorante - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Cellular - 4000 W Montrose Ave  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Republic Bank of Chicago - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center - pipe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soneri Boutique Tailoring and Repair Shop - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sensational Bites, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wm. J Cassidy Tire & Auto - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. -  7414 N Western Ave  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yogurt Pier - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2833 N Cambridge LLC - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens and Vestry of St. Paul's Church, The - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens and Vestry of St. Paul's Church, The - fence(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gale Street Inn - sign
Awning(s) for Illinois School of Massage Therapy Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens and Vestry of St.  Paul's Church, The - ramp(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Louis A. Weiss Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MIchael Rosenberg - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barba Yianni Grecian Taverna - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3454 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JSF Insurance Agency, Inc.  - sign
Awning(s) for Taqueria Huandacareo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jury's - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bookcellar, The  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xippo - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens and Vestry of St. Paul's Church, The - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Albany Auto Sales
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3959 N Lincoln Ave - 368 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Rosemoor Town & Country Liquor
Awning(s) for Berger Financial Services, c/o Realty & Mortgage Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Lanes, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lizzie McNeills
Awning(s) for Aurelio's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration 50ft. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 602 N St Clair St

Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 S Canal St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prasino
Awning(s) for Central Savings
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6236 N Western Ave - 279 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6560 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3941 W Diversey Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1533 N Ashland Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Three Star and Service Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weight Watchers North America, Inc.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marco's Drive Inn  - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4425 S Cottage Grove Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 222 S Riverside Plaza
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1838 S Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4928 S Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7455 S Cicero Ave - 225 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7455 S Cicero Ave - 600 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6560 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2625 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1448 W Morse Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1650 W Irving Park Rd
Awning(s) for Blue Star Wine Bar
Canopy(s) for St. Aloysius Catholic Church
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Awning(s) for Caravan Beads of Chicago, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Affinia Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC- 545 W Madison St
Canopy(s) for BHLDN
Canopy(s) for East Ohio LLC
Canopy(s) for 50 East Chestnut Condominium Association
Awning(s) for Canal Crossing Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Northside Chiropractic, Inc.
Awning(s) for Caffe Italia
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagel No. 3559
Awning(s) for Mahogany Builders
Awning(s) for Wilson Yard Development 1 LLC
Awning(s) for Walgreens
Awning(s) for Premier Cleaners
Awning(s) for Mary O'Connor
Awning(s) for Rosati's Pizza & California Style Deli
Awning(s) for Jesse's Meat Market
Awning(s) for Chicago Northside Toyota
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Innjoy - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greenchoice Bank - sign 
Awning(s) for Ted's Fruit Market Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mirai Sushi - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Village Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commonwealth Edison - retaining wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commonwealth Edison Co. -  light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Printers Square, LLC - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Printers Square, LLC - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter curb - 1097952
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt Universtiy - planter curbs - 1097954
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter railling - 1097953
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter raillings - 1097955
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Cafe - Privilege No. 1097749 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Willow Creek Community Church - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1401 State  LLC - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daystar Education Association, Inc. - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dogone Fun, Inc.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Root Bros. Manufacturing & Supply Co. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&G Laundromat, Inc.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Master Polishing & Buffing - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Master Polishing & Buffing - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ino's Tacos - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Mexicana - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LMC Mortgage Corp - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carnitas Don Rafa, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - 4284 S Archer Ave  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army - sewer line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5719 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mario's Butcher Shop FD Center - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelina Cazares - security fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelina Cazares - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anthony Giannini - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argimro Gamboa fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argimro Gamboa - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argimro Gamboa - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cell Com of Chicago, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Zocalo Cultural Center - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa John's - 1001 S Racine Ave  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa John's Pizza & Yogenfruz  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qusai and Denise Mahmud - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roman Leung - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Triple Crown Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BHLDN - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BHLDN - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCA Misener-Holley Animal Hospital - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greek Islands Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cadillac Palace Theater - marquee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greek Islands Restaurant - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Kao - doorswings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central-Division, LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Kao - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Street Lofts LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central-Division, LLC - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Wine Cellars - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Star Cleaners - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Viaggio - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CorePower Yoga - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dental Care - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fremont Square LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hermitage Investment Properties, LLC - guardrails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eye Society - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fedex Office No. 5522 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Monaco - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hermitage Investment Properties LLC - window well
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro Self Storage - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gustavo Siccer, Jr. - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Anthony Salon Spa North - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soundz Good Chicago - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedyway No. 8317 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stage 773 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beograd Meat Market - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerusalem Liquors - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aspira of Illinois - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aspira of Illinois - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC - sculptures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aspira of Illinios - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caffe Italia - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC - columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CW Price - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United in Faith Lutheran Church - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JC Licht Company - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC - stone copings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barn and Company - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros Bagels No. 3559 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC - arches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Feast  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery Cafe, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Lincoln Park Owner LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nextel West Corp. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Co. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seven Ten - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515 - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paul J. Quetschke & Company - porch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 65 E. Goethe Condominium Association - decorative fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 934 N. Hoyne LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2954 N Racine LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patron's Hacienda - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - manhole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sayat Nova
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee No. 708 - sign
Awning(s) for Lincoln Square Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radisson Blu Aqua Hotel - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 1056 W Belmont Ave - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 1059 W Belmont Ave - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 1 W Ohio St - power supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 1135 W Belmont Ave - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eddystone Condominium Homes Inc.,The - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eddystone Condominum Homes Inc., The - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harvest Outdoor, Inc. - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kevin's Kitchen - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beck's Book Stores, Inc.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tattoo Factory - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Selmarie - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 840 N Dewitt Pl - power supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carol's Pub, Inc.  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Celtic Crown - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, Inc. - 650 W Ontario St - power supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town School Folk Music - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caravan - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Northside Toyota - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SBC - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midas International Corporation - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Republic Bank of Chicago - sculpture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scoozi - ornament
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silver Tower Chicago Condominium Association LLC - reataining wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Door, The  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage at Millennium Park Condominium Association, The - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Development LLC - bollard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weber Grill Restaurant - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 50 East Chestnut Condo Assn. - urns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 353 North Clark LP - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 353 North Clark  LP - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3001 Development - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3001 Development - bicycle rack
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NCA Properties, LLC - Privilege No. 1096354 - fee - amend
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NCA Properties, LLC - Privilege No. 1096355 - fee - amend
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Shoe Source
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Housing Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School - vault
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4247 W Madison St
Awning(s) for C. Dahlstedt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal Street Self Storage Company, Inc. - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cermak Produce - sign
Awning(s) for Celebrity Skin Couture Air Tan LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H & R Block Tax Service - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quiznos Subs - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lina Food & Liquor, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Punnoose Thachet - fence
Awning(s) for Korner Deli LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T Joels Family Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union League Boys & Girls Club - light fixture
Awning(s) for Edwardo's Natural Pizza Restaurant
Awning(s) for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union League Boys & Girls Club - fire escape
Awning(s) for Universal Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centro Medico-St Louis Medical Center - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Furniture Warehouse - sign
Awning(s) for Victory Barber Salon
Awning(s) for Vibe Kutz Barber and Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Yassa African Carribean Restaurant
Awning(s) for Chatham Meat Market
Awning(s) for Precious Lady Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Multi-Viajes Alejandra, Inc.
Awning(s) for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc.
Awning(s) for Letty's Unisex & Flower Shop
Awning(s) for V&M Tecnicentro Automot, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cosmo Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameritech - ducts
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameritech - pipe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anna's Asian Bistro - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheval Club Condominium Association - grease trap
Awning(s) for Neveria Auros, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Greenworks LLC - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6460 - sign
Awning(s) for Carana Realty Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Aquarium - sign
Awning(s) for Tasty Place
Awning(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PSD Properties LLC - light fixture
Awning(s) for Seek Vintage Wares & Apparel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Truth School Annex - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Park Lounge - sign
Awning(s) for Victor Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1332 W Erie Condominium Association - staircase
Awning(s) for Shop Rite Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5734 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Asadas Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Banana Joe's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Investment Property No. 1 LLC - window well
Awning(s) for Beautiful Beginnings, Ltd.
Awning(s) for Clybourn Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Pizza - sign
Awning(s) for Grace Sergio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - sign
Awning(s) for Lincoln Park Podiatry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Church of Scientology of Illinois - sign
Awning(s) for Prints Unlimited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cindy Montes - step
Awning(s) for Sushi Para M
Awning(s) for Mario's Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Tula Yoga Studio
Awning(s) for Lock Wood Food Mart
Awning(s) for Bice Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hermitage Investment Properties LLC - concrete wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hermitage Investment Properties LLC - staircase
Awning(s) for Cartier North America
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lelyn Group, Inc, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monkey's Paw, The - sign
Awning(s) for Hop Haus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1410 Noble LLC step
Awning(s) for Red Roof Inns No. 281
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1711 N Winchester LLC - fence
Awning(s) for Rosenthal Fine Art, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1711 N Winchester LLC - step 
Awning(s) for Ambrosia Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for1711 N Winchester LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry and Loan - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Sound - sign
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2330
Awning(s) for Express
Awning(s) for Hi-Tops
Awning(s) for Subway Sandwiches & Salads - 352 W Armitage Ave
Awning(s) for 2450 North Lakeview Building
Awning(s) for Hydrate & Elixir
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taste Disco & Steak House
Awning(s) for La Tacorea, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sally Beauty Supply
Awning(s) for Isis College
Awning(s) for Chicagoland Optical  LLC
Awning(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Awning(s) for Aroma Spa
Awning(s) for Crystal Laundry Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Athletic
Awning(s) for Garden of Eden Miditerranean Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie Dental Care - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2465 - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lula Cafe - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Shoe Source - Sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Fil-Am Seventh Day Adventist Church - sign
Canopy(s) for Secur Care Self Storage
Canopy(s) for Staples the Office Superstore No. 1636
Canopy(s) for Clarke's Restaurant
Canopy(s) for T-Mobile
Canopy(s) for Bed Bath & Beyond of California LLC
Canopy(s) for Golub & Company
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Canopy(s) for Silver Tower Chicago, Condominium Association LLC
Canopy(s) for Superior West Private Residences
Canopy(s) for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops, LLC
Canopy(s) for Heatmasters Inc
Canopy(s) for Smakosz Inc
Canopy(s) for Bethany Retirement Community
Canopy(s) for Expressions
Canopy(s) for Daallo Meat & Grocery, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cityview Lofts Condominium Association - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Leasing Company of Chicago LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manuel J. Gliksberg - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Owen & Engine - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yo-Lite - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominick's No. 147/1147 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homemade Pizza  -sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 48 E Roosevelt Rd - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eddystone Condominium Homes, Inc., The - street name
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secur Care Self Storage - light fixutres
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 282 - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - Privilege No. 1098214 - sign size
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - Privilege No. 1098218 - door swings
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for David C. Magallanes - fee
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Burrito King - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - planter
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Gallery, Inc. - banners, fee
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Video Security Systems - business name
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 444 N. Wells - awnings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CJUF III Harper Court LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CJUF III Harper Court LLC - trash containers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - window and frame(s)
Awning(s) for Walgreens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liberety Life Center Inc. - plant railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tips 2 Toe Nails - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Crossing Dialysis - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reo Movers & Van Lines - fiber conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shop-N-Save - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tip Top No. 3 Nail Salon - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 4162 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1629 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claretian Associates, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S H Bell - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Mancine - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Currency Exchange - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rivera's Remolding, Inc. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Italian Beef - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Family Insurance - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children's Home and Aid Society of Illinois - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7057 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5063 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 11784 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6944 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norfolk and Western Railway Co. - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Wash Spin Cycle - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renaissance Preservation Associates LP - 1098326 - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renaissance Preservation Associates LP - 1098327 - trash container
Canopy(s) for Bessie V. Borysowicz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ezzard Charles Daycare Center - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5630 - 1098165 - sign
Canopy(s) for 2229 S Halsted, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5630 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5392 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forma Vital - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Islas Marias - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New England Inn of Illinois, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Light House Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milaknis Animal Hospital Ltd. - planter
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5501 S Kedzie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 840 North Lake Shore Drive Condominium Association - basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mom's Bake Shoppe & Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sirron Pilates LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 840 North Lake Shore Drive Condominium Association - grease separator
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Orchard - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anna Orlinska-Allstate - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 840 North Lake Shore Drive Condominium Association - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Affinia Chicago - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Osteopathic Assoc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bijan Bistro - windscreen
Awning(s) for Adriatic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aosta Furniture + Decor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2330 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County Administration Building, The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2459 S Drake Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formlina, Inc. - landscaping
Awning(s) for Hopleaf Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formlina Inc - planter
Awning(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shea L Soucie - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silver Image - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elysian Hotel - foundation supports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515 - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trattoria Pizzeria - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilfree Court Condominium Association - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alley, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barry Town Homes Condo Assoc. - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Saint Paul's Lutheran Church - tree
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cocktail - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cullen's Bar & Grill - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Burrito Mexico - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gibsons LLC - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches 2810 N Clark St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sally Beauty Supply 556 W Diversey Pkwy - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hugo's Frog Bar - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivy Hotel - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Lanes, Inc. - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR, LLC - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ludwik Electric Service, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rusty Armadillo Grill & Cantina, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR, LLC - window wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quads Gym, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walmart Express No. 3065 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Albany Auto Sales - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2501 S Drake Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aroy Thai Restaurant - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial Corporation - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panera Bread - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patagonia - columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town School of Folk Music - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town School of Folk Music - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sola Restaurant - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spaccanapoli - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rail Bar & Grill, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2016 Iowa LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Partners LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rhapsody - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Related BT 500 Lake Shore Owner LLC - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sepia - kiosk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Slurping Turtle Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 15683 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior West Private Residences - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops, LLC - clock
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops, LLC - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops, LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twelve North Venture c/o U.S. Equities Realty - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 600 N McClurg Ct - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 26-30 West Hubbard  LLC - exterior mount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 60 East Lake LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 126 W Kinzie P.W., LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 134 N  LaSalle  LLC - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 210-218 W Lake LLC - sign - amend
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Operating Partnership, LP - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Babes on Milwaukee
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3202 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4520 S Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4450 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3740 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2622 N Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3244 W Foster Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2404 S Wolcott Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Landmark Liquidation & Auction - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Aberbeen Partners, LLC - 20-22 N Aberdeen St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naha Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peninsula Chicago LLC - ramp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin River North Chicago Hotel - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norwood Park IL - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace - landscaping
Canopy(s) for Sixty Six O One Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bourdage Chiropractic, SC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence Eye Care LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BQS Realty - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaMour's Bookstore - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secur Care Self Storage No. 900 - sign
Awning(s) for LaMour's Bookstore
Awning(s) for North Park Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Albany Park Community Center - flagpole
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2817 W Touhy Ave
Awning(s) for West Rogers LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffecafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Matsu Shita Japanese Restauant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GT Fish & Oyster - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry Caray's Restuarant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John W. Jordan II - ice melt system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Horizon Group Management LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kiehl's Since 1851 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kinzie St. Chop House - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 508 N Clark St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Casa - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Second Child, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 840 North Lake Shore Drive Condominium Association - tieback system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Box Office Tickets - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cozy Noodles & Rice - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Rustica, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sluggers - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigleyville Dog - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus, Inc.- sign
Awning(s) for BedFord, The
Awning(s) for Flo & Santo
Awning(s) for Joe's Breakfast & Lunch
Awning(s) for Randolph Wine Cellars
Awning(s) for Darrell Sims Ins.
Awning(s) for Smoque BBQ
Awning(s) for Necessary Extravagance, Inc.
Awning(s) for Seafood Garden
Awning(s) for Big Jones
Awning(s) for PB Maltz - 1139-1147 W Granville Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc., The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Sudz Enterprises, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Serena - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whitewater 24 Hour Laundry, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossing Tavern, The - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Cutting Room, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Waxman Candles Chicago - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foremost Liquors - sign
Awning(s) for La Brasa Roja, Inc.
Awning(s) for PB Maltz - 4617 N Kedzie Ave
Canopy(s) for Essex Inn LLC
Canopy(s) for Metro Storage
Canopy(s) for 330 S Michigan Avenue Condominium Association
Canopy(s) for Clare at Water Tower, The
Canopy(s) for Sutton Place Hotel, The
Canopy(s) for Eden Supportive Living
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mana Food Bar - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Capital Partners - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trevi Square Condominium Association - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of  Illinois, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Tonys Pizza 2 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy Nails - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Dragon - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baskin-Robbins - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AH Financial, Inc. - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfredo De Los Reyes - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Hogar Del Nino (The Home of the Child/Cuidar) - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ignotz' Ristorante - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jack's Hot Dog - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMH-I, LLC - paved crosswalk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nookies Tree Ltd - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plush-Chicago - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S3 Holdings LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S3 Holdings LLC - trash containers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Topo Gigio Ristorante - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weiss Family Condominium Association - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mirabell Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Olympic Discount Carpet Sales - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage Bicycles General Store - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel-Osco No 3632 - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thompson Building, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harbor House Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Los Altos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Linn Condo Assn., The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1358 E 47th St - 153 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1358 E 47th St - 181 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2827 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2425 E 71st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1415 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3757 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2255 W Howard St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 5
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 4
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 N State St - Banner No. 6
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1209 N Noble St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 501-509 S Wabash Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Go Roma Italian Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican Quality Meats
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Medspring Immediate Care
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3658 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6451 W Diversey Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3416 N Southport Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1135 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1430 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8133 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2530 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 919 W Randolph St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6978 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 W Grand Ave - 118.8 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 W Grand Ave - 102.5 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 W Grand Ave - 552.4 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 W Grand Ave - 283.7 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown - 1022 N Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 06376 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Duelire Vino & Cucina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation NFP - 5020 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G&F Produce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maxwell Street Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosaline Grocery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pescaderia Los Hermanos Erk Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8738
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Investments, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dental Impressions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for I S Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduits - 6030 S Dorchester Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduits - 6052-6059 S Woodlawn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduit - 6054-6059 S Ellis Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduit - 6052-6057 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipes - 6059-6059 S Ellis Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipes - 1000-1034 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipes - 962-978 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipe - 1200-1236 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipe - 6052-6059 S Woodlawn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipe - 6052-5057 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipe - 1144-1178 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pipe - 1100-1134 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 1106-1108 E 61st St
Canopy(s) for Harry Seigle Residence
Awning(s) for Diaz Case, P.C.
Awning(s) for Dominick's Finer Foods - Store No. 2775
Awning(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - vault - 1132-1134 E 61st St
Awning(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garden Fresh Produce Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 1160-1162 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault- 1176-1178 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 1200 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault- 1224-1226 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 1310-1314 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 1014-1020 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vault - 974-978 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poah NSP Chicago LLC - fence - 6153-6159 S Eberhart Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poah NSP Chicago LLC -  cornice
Canopy(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6153 Vernon LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D.K.D.K. Properties
Canopy(s) for CNA Insurance Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Pisgah Missionary Baptist Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evers Elementary Schools
Canopy(s) for Clargran, LLC - 66 W Illinois St
Canopy(s) for Clargran, LLC - 516 N. Clark St.
Canopy(s) for 645 N Michigan LLC
Canopy(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Canopy(s) for Metropolis Condominium Association
Canopy(s) for Inn of Chicago Magnificent Mile
Awning(s) for Shear Conviction
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meze
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golden on 26th St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3356 W 25th St
Awning(s) for Compter Services & Consulting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3327 W 25th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3301 W 25th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3252 W 25th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & M Pawn Brokers Inc
Awning(s) for South Loop Urgent Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hanway Insurance Agency LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Staffmark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deliverance Temple Church of the Apostolic Faith
Awning(s) for China Fan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S3 Holdings LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kamehachi of Tokyo
Awning(s) for Thervil's Barber Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grange Hall Burger Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for San Juan Ventures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Astaire Dance Studio
Awning(s) for Family Dental Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Pink
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Square LLC
Awning(s) for Gemellato Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Scarola
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for True Temple of the Apostolic Faith
Awning(s) for La Iguanita Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jie Wei - fence
Awning(s) for Deez
Awning(s) for Greektown Gyros
Awning(s) for Pilsen Community Pediatrics
Awning(s) for Whiz Kids Nursery Center, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ember Smoke Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1645 W. Huron  LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dream Dinners
Awning(s) for Hair Professionals
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyun's Hapkido School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Seven Outdoor LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R & S Discount Food, Wine, & Liquor
Awning(s) for Taqueria Teloloapan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chee Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mana Food Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mike's Furniture
Awning(s) for Yusho
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cleo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Whole Health Center P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Awning(s) for Andre Napier Studios
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quinn Chapel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Capital Partners
Awning(s) for Panera Bread
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buckingham, LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panda Express
Awning(s) for Pei Wei Asian Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Bethlehem Healing Temple
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Bethlehem Healing Temple - fence
Awning(s) for Ranwa LP
Awning(s) for 750  LLC
Awning(s) for A.C.T. Group, Ltd., The
Awning(s) for Kesher Stam
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Dos Laredos Restaurant - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Napples Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Dos Laredos Restaurant - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry & Raquel Maldonado
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Taco Naco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kimball & North Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Space Storage No. 8169
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loretto Hospital - planter curb
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loretto Hospital - retaining wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Laguardia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Remax Signature
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Letiza's Natural Bakery/ Enoteca Roma - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory's Banner Restaurant - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archdiocese of Chicago - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dan Management Corporation - loading dock
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double Tree Hotel Magnificent Mile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivy Lane Condominium Association - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flywheel Sports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1711 N Winchester LLC - walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph G. Darnell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John's Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerry Wald - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hal Series LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Massage Envy Spa Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for House of Blues
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerry Wald - porch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lichter Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hunt Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tania Y. Ramirez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Johnny's State St. Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Theatre, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria's Unisex Hair Design
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 1164 N. Dearborn St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 162 W Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising Inc. - 1141 N. State St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamar Advertising - 444 N Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 259 E Erie St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 201 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deville Tire Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Right Way Automotive Credit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 250 E Superior St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwood Group Inc 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sargon's Car Wash LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 251 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martini Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The
Awning(s) for Flowers Unlimited & Gift
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Latvian Association
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Scarola
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Latvian Association - fire escape
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marco's Drive Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sauganash Woods Homeowners Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Auto Repair
Awning(s) for European Draperies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 301 E Erie St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beograd Meat Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 321 E Erie St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harvestime Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 222 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norwood Park Auto Sales
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tom Eley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 240 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 303 E Superior St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 710 N. Lake Shore Dr.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - 750 N. Lake Shore Dr.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance - planters - 1841 W Howard St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakwood 200 Squared
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patagonia - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance -  7551 N Ridge Blvd - planters 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pei Wei Asian Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance - planters - 1785 W Howard St
Awning(s) for Roanoke Hospitality LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qdoba Mexican Grill - 328 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance - planters - 1937 W Howard St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schatz Building, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Viceroy of India/Sagar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candlelight
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New American Mini Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Automan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for @ Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Cleveland Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blues Jean Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cobbler Square Place Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Collar & Leash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior West Private Residences - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior West Private Residences - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Saint Elizabeth Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hanabi Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Related BT 500 Lake Shore Owner LLC - pipelines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Foundation, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lens Crafters, Inc. No. 20
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Related BT 500 Lake Shore Owner LLC - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Home of Chicken & Waffles 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mark Hoffmeister
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Market Place Foodstore, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mellos Carry Outs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard H. Driehaus Museum, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mindseye Research Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Sushi + Barbeque Bar/ Up Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martini Club at Manor Bowling and Billiard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woman's Athletic Club of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laugh Factory Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Auto Service Station, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condominium Association - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2436 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condominium Association - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taboo Tabou
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3245 N Ashland LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sally Beauty Supply, Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Plus of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 21 West Chestnut Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phuoc Le
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 58 E Oak LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 110 E Delaware Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 360 West Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3636 Storage Properties 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 750, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anna Kiryk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grind Cafe, the
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 840 North Lake Shore Drive condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Candy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chiro One Wellness Center Metro of Lincoln Square LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kane Insurance Group Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1260 S Fairfield Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club at Manor Bowling and Billiard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Auto Sales, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Churchill Row Lofts Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - fence - 1313-1315 S Fairfield Ave
Awning(s) for 9NB Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ted Kloeckner Preferred Flower
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Scarola -windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameritech - ducts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus, Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saugatuck Coffee Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Coacoyula
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 W Superior St - 58 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northtown Library
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden North LLC - occupation of space  - 1313-1315 S Fairfield Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Awning(s) for Select Cut Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panda Express, Inc.
Awning(s) for Carlton at the Lake, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for World Communications
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4544 N Lincoln Ave - west elevation No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4544 N Lincoln Ave - west elevation No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4544 N Lincoln Ave - west elevation No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4544 N Lincoln Ave - west elevation No. 4
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3118 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4905 W North Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - caissons
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3145 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University - ornamental cornice
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1211 N LaSalle Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424594
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424593
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424591
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424592
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424583
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424584
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424587
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424588
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424589
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424590
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424578
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424579
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424580
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424581
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 400, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 S State St - App No. 100424582
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joie De Vine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kincade's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cousins Restaurant, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4812 S Pulaski Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8751
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 North Aberdeen Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Commons, LLC - storm water sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Commons, LLC - water main
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julia Zizumbo - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lorraine's Lounge, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rector, Warens & Vestry of St Paul's Church, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julia Zizumbo - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luigi's Pizza by the Slice Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luigi's Pizza by the Slice Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motoworks Chicago  - Privilege No. 1094247
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motoworks Chicago - Privilege No. 1098864
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xcellent Tires & Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NeighborSpace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 210 W Eugenie St - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks No. 2483
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butch McGuire's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 210 W Eugenie St - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Tayahua
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Oak Street Partners, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Gene & Georgetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn. - catch basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - bay windows - 1700-1718 N. Wells St.
Awning(s) for Miss Q's Framing and Home Decor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company - sidewalk lift hatch (elevator)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Johnson Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn. - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn. - sewer
Awning(s) for Weed-Sheffield, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rhapsody - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - fire escape - 1700 N. Wells St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smart Technology Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - exterior mounts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 15196
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn. - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - fire escape - 1718 N. Wells St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Second City, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons III Condo Assn. - water mains
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 212 W Eugenie St - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twelvewest
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons IV Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 212 W Eugenie St - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 206-208 W Eugenie St - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn. - concrete area wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 E. Erie Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 207-09 W St. Paul Ave - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn. - storm water sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn. - water main
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 211 W St. Paul Ave - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 353 North Clark  LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crilly Court Condo Assn. - 213 W St. Paul Ave - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condo Assn. - area wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unversity Commons VI Condo Assn. - catch basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Grossman
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Shore Foot & Ankle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alternative Health Group LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1657 S Throop St - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peter B. Freeman
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1657 S Throop St - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1657 S Throop St - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone on Wolcott Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 23rd & Wentworth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabor A Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gustavo Siccer, Jr.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steven Gross
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Dolphin, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Onion Webster Enterprises - steps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop III
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Natalie Spadaccini-Rosenberg
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Workroom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Onion Webster Enterprises - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jinn Express - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2602 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2652 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2801 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2703 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Towers Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph & Mary Ferro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldredo De Los Reyes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NWN Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antoniolli Partnership - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Print
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antoniolli Partnership - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Rey Del Taco & Burritos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buona Terra Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ba Le Sandwiches 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evolution Point
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for V & M Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studios, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Birrieria Reyes De Ocotlan
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pita Kabab, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZPAWN
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blanc Vira
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for V& M Tecnicentro Automotriz Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Petrozzini & Camelia Petrozzini - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark and Wellington Plaza c/o Mid America Asset Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boss Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Curried
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Petrozzini & Camelia Petrozzini - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Auto Service Station, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carana Realty Group - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carana Realty Group - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Spa Nail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK-The Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cell Com of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose Gallegos - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose Gallegos - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago University Common, LLC - catch basins
Awning(s) for Overflow Coffee Bar, L3C
Awning(s) for Original Pancake House, The
Awning(s) for 23rd & Wentworth LLC
Awning(s) for Angelo's Quick Stop
Awning(s) for Pequod's Pizza
Awning(s) for Planner of the Bride
Awning(s) for Webster Pilates and Wellness Collective
Awning(s) for Pete's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Goosefoot
Awning(s) for Sabri Nihari Restaurant at 2500 W Devon Ave
Canopy(s) for Union League Boys & Girls Club
Canopy(s) for North Avenue Collection, LLC
Canopy(s) for Harvestime Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matchbox, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan's Bar And Grill
Awning(s) for M.S. Betancourt
Awning(s) for Haymarket Brewing Company
Awning(s) for El Corralito Ocotlan Restaurant
Awning(s) for Life Storage Centers LLC
Awning(s) for Red Roof Inns No. 281
Awning(s) for Tavernita
Awning(s) for 30 W. Erie Condo Assn., The
Awning(s) for Broadway Loan Co.
Awning(s) for Isa Hair Studio
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8751
Awning(s) for Urban Pooch Canine Life Center
Canopy(s) for Luigi's Pizza by the Slice, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Fairbanks at Cityfront Plaza Condominium
Canopy(s) for M & R Development LLC
Canopy(s) for Reid Murdoch, LLC
Canopy(s) for Vista Motors Ltd., LLC
Canopy(s) for Woman's Athletic Club of Chicago
Canopy(s) for 10 East Delaware Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Relax Feet, Inc.
Canopy(s) for 3500 North Lake Shore Co-op Apartments
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bijan Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carmine's Clam House Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Erie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Eatt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Rush
Awning(s) for China Phoenix Chinese Restaurant
Awning(s) for Taco Burrito King
Awning(s) for NCA Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels
Awning(s) for Londo Mondo Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Canopy(s) for Park 1500 Lofts Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Prime Group Realty Trust
Canopy(s) for Dairy Queen Lincoln Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Awning(s) for Caribou Coffee Company
Canopy(s) for Attitude Adjustment Inc.
Canopy(s) for Lakeview Eas Chamber of Commerce
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Renaldi's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter railings 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence Friend - steps
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter curb(s) - O2011-8177
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - bicycle rack(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence Friend - fence
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - planter curb(s) - O2011-8178
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Massage Envy Spa Lincoln Park - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Violet Hour, The - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Liquors, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - tieback system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park 1500 Lofts Condo Assn.- balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1401 State  LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Birrieria Ocotlan Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claretian Associates, Inc. - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard's Body Shop on Grand, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Waldo Cooney  - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University for planter railings - O2011-8180
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yolanda Espinoza (NODAL) - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yolanda Espinoza (NODAL) - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yolanda Espinoza (NODAL) - porch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NCA Properties, LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 806 N California Ave - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2601 W Chicago Ave - trash container
Awning(s) for Kangen Oasis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Ale House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dominick's Finer Foods - Store No. 2775
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) permit for People
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mana Food Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gallery Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Temple Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phil's Last Stand
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sine Qua Non IV Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citicorp - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5692 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 1532 W Chicago Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sahar Foods - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 1615 W 79th St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Buster - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marna Holding, LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2820 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Found Chicago/Heal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Personal Liquors Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BHLDN - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chickpea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cooking Fools LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Seven Outdoor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Veterinary Center - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 747 Clark LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palette Fragrances & Cosmetics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports and Ortho - 10911 S Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - 18444 S Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Wine and Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Oaks Properties Group
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's
Canopy(s) for Sweet Seven Bakery
Canopy(s) for Frank's Pizzeria
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Canopy(s) for 181 W Madison CF Borrower
Canopy(s) for East Bellevue, LLC
Canopy(s) for L&T Discount
Awning(s) for Brew & Grow
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway & Irving Park Currency Exchange
Awning(s) for 5242 S Hyde Park Blvd  LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence House LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foster & Broadway Marathon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Farmers Insurance
Awning(s) for Stepping Stones Early Childhood Learning Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons IV Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 2759 W Cermak Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elegant Nails of Chicago Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Orchard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D'Agostino's II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Barco Restaurant
Awning(s) for Zoku Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) permit for Alliance Bakery
Awning(s) for Charles & Ruby Miller
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boundary, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 5554 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Gelato
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John E Maloney
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Gold Gallery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jerry's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Pie Company, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milk & Honey Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jake's Auto Body, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roots Handmade Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zhou B Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Girasoles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Small Bar No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2143 W Wellington Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for People
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starfruit Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crater Food & Liquor
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 306-308 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 420 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moran Foods Inc., d.b.a. Save-A-Lot - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2425 E 71st St - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2425 E 71st St - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2024 S Wabash Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3071 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 E Wacker Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 224 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicken Works and Salad Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 360 N Michgan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chai Asian Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 35 E Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tinajon Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for George Court Condominium
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 56 W Randolph St
Awning(s) for Sivananda Yoga Vedanta Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 676 N St Clair St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Churchill Row Lofts Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 1121 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brew & Grow
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Suckers Candy Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 188 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secur Care Self Storage - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Downtown Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather's Cafe on Southport
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Truth School Annex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luke's Beef & Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Revolution Beer LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bernie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First House of Prayer Church
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Scarola
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Sheridan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coobah II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cell Air
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor 133 State LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GBN Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial Services of Illinois, Inc. - 2313 W 95th St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostinos Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avantgarde BG
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cumberland Centre LLC - ramp
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins Togo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Loop Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cumberland Centre LLC - stairway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houndstooth Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gibsons Steak House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inga Hair Studio, Ltd. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GT Fish & Oysters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Looseleaf Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Social
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - earth retention system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mystic Celt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houlihan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC- 565 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hoyt's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo of Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kerryman, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Related BT 500 Lake Shore Owner LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinzie St Chop House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luxbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Med Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Pancake House, The
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - tree grates
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pippin's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - 1099699
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - conduits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC- 959 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes/Gold Coast Dogs
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - irrigation systems
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sluggers Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Pig, The 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quartino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Lanes Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bowmans
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brownstone Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Streeters Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Restaurant Art
Sidewalk cafe(s) for River Shannon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Provisions Cartering and Events
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cousins Restaurant, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Whiskey Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2335
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 437 Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 272
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Garcia's Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uncommon Ground
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gio's Sports Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jury's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tweet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wilde
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margies Candies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Shaughnessy's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wells on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Lincoln Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piggery, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 114
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Broadway Cellars
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burke's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spaccanapoli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caravan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crew Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Cat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Bryn Mawr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Charmers Cafe/Dagel and Beli Shop, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kopi, A Traveler's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taza Coffee & Deli Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tedino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Trullo
Canopy(s) for Plaza on Dewitt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yin Dee Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for That Little Mexican Cafe II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zanzabar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gruppo Di Amici
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mayne Stage/Act One Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11751
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambit Management Inc.
Awning(s) for Mid, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Farrell's eXtreme Bodyshaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saint's Alp Teahouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carms Snack Shop
Awning(s) for Paramount Room
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack  - 8827 S Stony Island Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sky Liquors
Awning(s) for Ponce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scout - 5221 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tanoshii
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Lending Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Topics
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accelerated Physical Therapy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beer Bistro, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Foundation, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Goat Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Child Preschool
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congress Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le's Pho
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clarke's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hackney's Printers' Row 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 1004
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bridgeport Coffee House Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toon's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Poag Mahone's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Savings 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Awning(s) for Spark Auto Parts 63rd, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buffalo Wings and Rings
Awning(s) for A Relaxed You Inc. 
Awning(s) for Face to Face
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2234
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamarind
Awning(s) for Fit Code
Awning(s) for American Eagle Outfitters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 933
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Awning(s) for Harvest Christian Bookstore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 175 Sopraffina Market Caffe LLC
Awning(s) for Original Rainbow Cone, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jo Jo the Balloon Lady/Ball G
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Quarters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers, LLC - door swings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill Inc.
Awning(s) for Ashland Addison Florist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Continental Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitness Formula Clubs - Halsted Street
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Fitness
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Smoker's Den
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoque BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavernita
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Kacheton
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 E Delaware Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for HMC Herron Medical Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dragonfly Mandarin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flywheel Sports
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lucky Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kinzie St Chop House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cortland's Garage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud-Rush - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess & Grocer, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co. Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W Chicago Lakeshore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mahoney's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letiza's Natural Bakery/Enoteca Roma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lottie's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patsy's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2412
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riverview Tavern /Robey Pizza Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sal's Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 222
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tinajon Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Philosophy, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireside Pub, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub's Gyros II Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lady Gregory's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scott Payne Studios, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences at River East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gruen Galleries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pitchfork Food & Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers, LLC - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8954
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Cat Doctor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Erie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain -122 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buca di Beppo - urn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella! Bacino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buca di Beppo - statue
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Belly Q/Urban Belly II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bennigan's No. 1426
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee Company
Awning(s) for Accelerated Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Crown Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Matto Fornaio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucks Saloon Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sluggers - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Lakeview Playlot Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ferguson Enterprises Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yogurt Square - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Ensemble Theater Cultural Center - marquee
Awning(s) for BA Salon on Armitage
Awning(s) for Diversey/Clark LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Adobo Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Longman & Eagle
Awning(s) for Dr. Jason Godo DC, SC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bice Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amato's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brehon Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Italia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chill Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Awning(s) for American Limb & Orthotic Center, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corcoran's Grill & Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 120 S La Salle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Goddess Boutique, The - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Station
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarascas International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6083
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Osteria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newtec Window & Door, Inc. - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3658 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4544 N Lincoln Ave - west elevation No. 4
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8751
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1358 E 58th Street  LLC - steps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Annette's Italian Ice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Catering, Chocolate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chisme Express, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast & The Goddess Gold Coast
Awning(s) for Blackthorn
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 01101
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pompei
Awning(s) for Philly's Best
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1412 S Blue Island Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 836 W Wellington Ave - 128.4 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 836 W Wellington Ave - 215 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2835 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1350 N Wells St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2758 W Peterson Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5353 N Elston Ave - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5353 N Elston Ave - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5353 N Elston Ave - Sign No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5360 N Elston Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Birch Trading Company
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7529 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Wacker Dr
Awning(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domino's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 202
Canopy(s) for OGM Investors ll LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Solazo
Canopy(s) for Dunkin Donut
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Voltaire
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cobra Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Damato Bakery No. 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for De Cero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireplace Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grange Hall Burger Bar
Canopy(s) for Turkish Cuisine and Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Haymarket Brewing Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ina's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macello Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nellcote & RM Champagne Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Next Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pork Chop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suite Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Aberdeen Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Awning(s) for Elston Hand Car Wash LLC
Awning(s) for L. Robinson & Associates
Awning(s) for J&M Velasco, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scoozi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlays on the Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Taste of Heaven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 225
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rewster's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 279
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Sidewalk cafe(s) for G N P H No. Nine Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Star Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McNamara's Food & Drinks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sutherland's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Streets Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delish Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa Jin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodles Shop III
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2510
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Studio, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Isle on Peterson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Huey's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranallis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swirlz Cupcakes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Austrian Bakery & Deli, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pinkberry-Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Touche
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitchen Sink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies on Wells, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2545
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sticky Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glenn's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarantino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Donovan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710  
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 15683
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence of India
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fork
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tutto Italiano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ideel Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Evangelicial Free Church of Chicago
Awning(s) for Alderman Smith
Awning(s) for Vitamin Shoppe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zapatista
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Steve's Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Chicks, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 42 N Latitude
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Casa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gage, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway - 1529 N Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Selmarie
Awning(s) for Water Tower Realty Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon Morseview Drugs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ashkenaz Delicatessen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peterson School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Toma
Awning(s) for Gap, Inc. Store 503, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boss Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull & Bear
Awning(s) for Sandwich Me In
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burton Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butch Mc Guire's, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lee Dental Clinic
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffecafe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 306-308 S Halsted St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crossroads Public House
Awning(s) for Timothy Harrington
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sandburg Ace Hardware, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chestnut Place Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners, Ltd. - grease separators
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sarmed George Elias, M.D.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Hotel and Spa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development LLC - manhole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for English
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carson's Ribs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mini Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alderman Smith
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 1120 N State St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dus Management Inc as Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jilly's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Apparel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts - sign - 215  W  Lake St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 5 W Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael Diversey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud-Rush - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 161 W Huron St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Taylor Retail No. 547
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Avanti
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGee's Tavern & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Ace Hardware, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windy City Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mike Ditka's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saluki Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Thompson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lulu Belle's Pancake House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1000 Liquors/Big City Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moe's Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Simone's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Associates, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Cascada Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Pawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bedford, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Union Station Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secur Care Self Storage - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 917-919 E 57th St - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The -  916-918 E 57th St - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 57) 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - 915-933 E 56th St - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5621-5641 S Drexel Ave - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 58)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 915-933 E 56th St - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 917-933 E 57th St - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5647-5701 S Drexel Ave and 912-919 E 57th St - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5646-5648 S Drexel Ave - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5621-5641 S Drexel Ave - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Building Commission of Chicago - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carnitas Y Tacos La International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education/Davis Shields Elementary School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Beetle Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lang Exterior
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laredo Auto Parts - 3001 W 26th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tecalitlan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Netty's Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Cullen Hayes Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiteside Liquors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthem, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance -  1774 W Lunt Ave - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Berry Moon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athleta No. 4794
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New York Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for My Thai - Takumi Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Chamber of Commerce - 2062 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nacional 27
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Associated Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naha Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hideout
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chiro One Wellness Center Metro of Old Irving LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Galvin's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sewer mains
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes Chicken and Biscuits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patron's Hacienda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pelago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CorePower Yoga
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pops for Champagne
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - water lines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2023 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Staubers Ace Hardware Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2039 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio 4 Hair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foremost Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2041 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trader Joe's East
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ollies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place - 2132 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thippawan Permsukkunakorn - door swing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Seven Ten
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 508 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silver Cloud
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 277 E Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 100 LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turquoise Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saluki Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abbey Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sarah's Pastries & Candies, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Key Discount Beauty Supply
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paradise Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cactus Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fox Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago DQ Grill & Chill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eleven City Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Hotel 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epples Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tapas Valancia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 118 S Cicero Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pan American Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Gold & Silver Exchange
Awning(s) for Aegis Administrative Services Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Diversey California Currency
Awning(s) for Sanabria Law Office
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Buddhism Friendship Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abbey Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose Gallegos - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Sunset Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelo's Taverna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lucky Vito's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Q
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&R Development LLC - grease separator
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ciao Napoli Pizzeria, Inc.
Awning(s) for MON Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The
Awning(s) for North Side Tabernacle of Praise
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Filonek's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta D'Arte
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Off the Tracks Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kleen Plaza at Six Corners Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Building Commission of Chicago - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TGC Development Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Space Storage No. 8169
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antoniolli Partnership
Awning(s) for New Management, Ltd.
Awning(s) for Sam's Quick Stop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Company Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Conte Di Savoia Inc.
Awning(s) for Extra Space Storage No. 8169
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Farmers Insurance
Awning(s) for Taqueria La Oaxaquena
Awning(s) for Root Realty, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weber Grill Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Bayou
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lizzie McNeills
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro Restaurant/Limited Partnership Levy Corp. - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frasca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bellevue LLC - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chili Mac's 5-Way Chili
Awning(s) for Homemade Pizza Company, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 956-958 W Wrightwood Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bellevue, LLC - caissions
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill Wrigleyville
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Temptations 2
Canopy(s) for Trinity Hospital/Advocate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maverick Auto Parts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Exit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norman's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Cafe - 162 E Ohio St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melrose Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Sears Roebuck & Co. 1090
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Wine Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Volo Restaurant 
Canopy(s) for Goethe-Astor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaleski & Horvath Marketcafe, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivy Lane Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floriole Bakery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayan Palace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sully's House
Awning(s) for Chutzpah LLC
Awning(s) for Andersonville Wine & Spirits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Go Roma Italian Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Real Estate Management, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hubbard Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hunt Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Callaghan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Volare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cesar's on Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kasey's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairbanks at Cityfront Plaza Condominium
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee No. 708
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bucktown Dysfunctional Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reid Murdoch, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for LaSalle Power Co./Heart and Soul
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Company Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 111 W Jackson Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 87 E Elm Street Condominium Association
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 121 N Clinton St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clark's on Belmont
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angel Food Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake's Pup in the Ruf Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ben Pao - revolving door
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for C and G Concepts, Ltd. - 1926 W Irving Park Rd
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for C and G Concepts, Ltd. - 1928 W Irving Park Rd
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clargran, LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominick's Finer Foods - Store No. 2775
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Juarez High School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vernon Park Tap
Awning(s) for Murphy Wallbeds Chicago and Off the Wall Beds
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Williams Electronics Games, Inc.
Awning(s) for Protein Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McNair School 
Awning(s) for Verizon Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education/Schurz High School
Awning(s) for Topliner Beauty Salon for Women
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Mercado Food Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hannahs Bretzel 180 W Washington LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Socca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro Restaurant/Limited Partnership Levy Corp. - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Monaco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CR Madison Management LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bobtail Soda Fountain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KBSII 300 North Lasalle LLC - cassions
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Hen Bread
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KBSII 300 North LaSalle LLC - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condominium Association
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melanthios
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sport's Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Municipal Bar and Lounge, LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5701 S Damen Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tango Sur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Gondola Cucina Italiana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jilly's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners, Ltd. - ventilation well
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beckett's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redmond's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condominium Association - sheeting
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 860 W Evergreen Ave. - Signs 1 and 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 27 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trattoria Gianni
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condominium Association - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Pour House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 222 NLS Properties LLC - vaults
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sensational Bites, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Krehbiel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 439 N Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andies Restaurant II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essex Inn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leo Appliances
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage at Millennium Park Condominium Assn., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria - 633 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American National Bank and Trust of Chicago U/T 121309-02
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria  - 160-164 E Superior St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacci Cafe and Pizzeria on Milwaukee Ave. Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for British School of Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's Restaurant & Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glascott's Groggery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stella's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Havana Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Diggity Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Henri, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Long's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twin Anchors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBS Outdoor Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for L26
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Canopy(s) for South Chicago Dodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wacker GP, Inc. & TDC Canada Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taxpol Corporation
Canopy(s) for Banana Republic No. 7697
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maranatha World Revival Ministries
Awning(s) for Morrison's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mama Luna Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Capri
Canopy(s) for Club Quarters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sit Down, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Augie's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria Leon Guanajuato, Inc.
Canopy(s) for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Wicker Park Library
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe 57
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone on Wolcott Condominium Association
Canopy(s) for TGI Friday's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J's Corner Hot Dog
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway - 511 N Mcclurg Ct
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marmalade Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pepper Canister, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 7709
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barba Yianni Grecian Tavernia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 24453
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 25917
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Egg Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tempo Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ben Pao - canopy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TGI Friday's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&D Candy, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Mananitas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar - 55 E Grand Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar - 116 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Lakeview
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle, Rice and Bubble Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taverna 750
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Alexandria LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Congress Center c/o Anvan Midwest Realty Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 888 South Michigan Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1400 Museum Park  LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Franklin LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for By the Hand Club for Kids
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fig Tree, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel of Indiana Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carriage House Lofts, LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 915-919 E 57th St - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5590 S Ellis Ave - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5636-5710 S Drexel Ave - conduits
Awning(s) for Lawlor's Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 33)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5711 S Drexel Ave - handholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5590 S Ellis Ave - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5711 S Drexel Ave - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5620-5636 S Drexel Ave - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5746 S Drexel Ave - manhole
Awning(s) for Erie LaSalle Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5710-5730 S Drexel Ave - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Den
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cai Hong Huang - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cia Hong Huang - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Busy Bees Child Development Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria El Jardin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O & W Enterprises - 2977 N Elston Ave - Permit No. 1099937
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prasino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standard Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for J Crew Retail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oliver Valenzuella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bill Prewitt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children's Dental World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ray Buick, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fiesta Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Addison Pulaski Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kellman Community Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hale Lofts Condominium Association
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cantina Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toppers Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G&W Partners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Easy Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moonshine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education/Ralph J. Bunche Elementary School - guardrail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Innjoy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education/Ralph J. Bunche Elementary School - fence
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janik's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 900-905 E 57th St and 5701-5711 S Drexel Ave - pipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Picante Taqueria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taxim
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alexandra Graham & Paul Larty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studios, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Patrolman's Federal Credit Union
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andrise, Richard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2019 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patrick J Daly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2050 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thippawan Permsukkunakorn - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2058 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lillie's Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 190 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC- 57 E Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC- 200 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Alps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Journelle Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wicker Basket Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saigon Sisters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angels & Mariachis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bangers & Lace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moy Lee Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance - planter - 1775 W Greenleaf Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bolero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mini Azteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salud Tequila Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ostioneria Restaurant El Tecolote
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silom 12
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Medical & Surgical Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoke Daddy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swig
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giovanni Liquors Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save-A-Lot No. 859
Awning(s) for Logan Square Pest Control, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christopher House-Uptown
Awning(s) for Halo Salon for Men
Awning(s) for Higgins Tavern
Awning(s) for Thuy Skin and Hair Care
Awning(s) for HTP Associates Occupation Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4603 N Racine Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobil Food Mart
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2718 W Roscoe St
Awning(s) for Spring Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1020 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenneth Fils
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place - 1200-1202 W Webster Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Margot
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam 'N Honey
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 206
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Pizzeria Roma
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown Animal Hospital, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1650-1654 W Division LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 110 E Pearson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4620 S Damen Ave
Awning(s) for Mark Bonner
Awning(s) for Guess?
Awning(s) for Imperial Lamian
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Vegas Nite Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Store No. 4061
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RMW Streeterville LLC - caissons
Awning(s) for Rag and Bone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RMW Streeterville LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 433 N Wells Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreen No. 03948
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10318 S Western Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1510 E 87th St 
Canopy(s) for Garden Manor
Awning(s) for Carniceria Guanajuato No. 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepperino Pizzeria - sign
Awning(s) for Belden Commonwealth Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Houndstooth Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D & O Food & Liquor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for YMCA of Metropolitan Chicago - planter
Canopy(s) for Metra/Metropolitan Rail
Canopy(s) for Midland and Properties Western LLC
Canopy(s) for Emmanuel Agno
Canopy(s) for Maggiano's Banquets on Grand
Canopy(s) for 1320 N State Parkway Apartments, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicky's Carryout - sign
Canopy(s) for Triple Net Properties Realty, Inc.
Canopy(s) for KBSII 300 North LaSalle, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Nike Town
Canopy(s) for Belden Stratford, The
Canopy(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Canopy(s) for Hanania, Anton I.
Canopy(s) for El Nuevo Guadalajara, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Cristo Rey Jesuit High School
Canopy(s) for Water Tower LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gaudi Coffee & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bionda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gunner's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Islas Marias
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mac's American Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milwood
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's Hyde Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Regents Cup Coffee House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Brown's Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza-Metro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pot Pan Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tocco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tumans
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zberry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles Etc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitty O'Shea's Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Neils on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panozzo's Italian Specialties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arturo Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paola's Vinum
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pockets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beggar's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackstone Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison Street
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chef Luciano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chutney Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Natural Pizza Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - 517 S State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 542 S Dearborn St 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1459 W Taylor St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 547 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo & Santo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2154
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scout, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornetto-Mei on Grant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Caterina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tribute
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gioco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wabash Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waffles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grace O'Malley's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Dream of Falafel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria El Potrillo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacardi at the Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sisters of St. Casimir Chicago - tunnel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franco's Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kathy De's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Perla Mixteca Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ba Le Sandwiches 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaffa Bagel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Busy Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaffa Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for IL Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 1322 S Halsted St - 350 sq ft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky's Sandwich Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Colao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Pacifico, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taco Fresco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Cheval
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cuisine on Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tulum Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Farmhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Star Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fogon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 215 W Lake Investors, LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 215 W Lake Investors, LLC 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for GT Fish & Oysters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby Room, Inc. - 1743 W Division St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Provisions Catering and Events
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 815 W Pershing Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 120 N Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 100 N LaSalle St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2002 W Peterson Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 E 87th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buck City Lofts Condominium
Awning(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Escada
Awning(s) for Quay
Awning(s) for Hoffberg-Metz Joint Venture
Awning(s) for Q and H Grocery
Awning(s) for Artsy Craftsy - Artisticas Manualidades
Awning(s) for Noe, Gary and Barbara 
Awning(s) for Home Carpet and Linoleum Center
Awning(s) for Lincoln Law Partners, P.C.
Awning(s) for Nail Fetish
Awning(s) for Haymarket Brewing Co.
Awning(s) for Campbell's Caribbean Cuisine
Awning(s) for Laredo Auto Parts
Awning(s) for Pizza Hut Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Girl & the Goat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea Cafe - 958 W Armitage Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Habana Libre
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ing Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaipur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Taqueria El Gallo Bravo No. 4
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kai Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's on Green
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club at Manor Bowling and Billiard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Peep Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leopold
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maude's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sol De Mexico Tierra Azteca 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meze
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Plate on Southport
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perez Mexican Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armands Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Plush-Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican's Quality Meats, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Augie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Kiva
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Santorini
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beat Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Pink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tasting Room, the
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Star Bistro & Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thalia Spice Asian Fushion Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butcher & The Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinnies Sub Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Town Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Valle Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floyd's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for High Dive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ipsento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MM.Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Palette Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pat's Pizzaria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Players Club, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S&G Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siboney Cuban Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brisku Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget No. 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buona Terra Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heavenly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Boulangerie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lula Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Masa Azul
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho III Corporation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scofflaw
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tenochtitlan Bar & Grill Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abram Gale
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Addison Street Cafe Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Prague
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geo. Nottoli & Son, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Play Room, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Second Time Around
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 13 Pins Tapas & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine & Pizzeria, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Mac's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel-Ami Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Zipo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paulines
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Mango Loyola
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunset Caffe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Snuggery Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chez Moi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1200
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3426
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flight 1551
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frances' Rest & Deli Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gemini Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Fresh Corner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arby's/SBA, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 16 W Randolph
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 819 N Rush St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avec
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pour House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Frog Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ringo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Wraps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salpicon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burrito Beach No. 8
Sidewalk cafe(s) for C-House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spring Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Descartes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stanley's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vintage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vrai Amour
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devon Seafood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dos Diablos 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dragon Ranch
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels - 75 E. Lake St 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for First Slice Pie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - 227 E Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Expression Lavazza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fox & Obel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Friends Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brett's Kitchen Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 190 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 20 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 166 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Jackson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Ohio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Washington
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Cooked, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercer 113
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel - Nix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIU
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Callaghan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Leary's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P. J. Clarke's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P.J. Clarke's East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pane Caldo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pei Wei Asian Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Petterino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 352 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 221 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2621
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3540 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6420 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 74 E Jackson Blvd/224 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5675 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5316 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1558 E 53rd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1221 S Wabash Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 901 W Adams St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 520 N Ridgeway Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 855 W Washington Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1415 N Kingsbury Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4701 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2646
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2723
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ra Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's on Ontario
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti Mediterranean Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3545 N Kedzie Ave - 47.25 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RPM Italian
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 123 N Jefferson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 135 N Jefferson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shamrock Club, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Submarine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Taiyo/Izakaya Hapa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table Fifty-two
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern at the Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tea Room
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiparos Thai Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for UB Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vermilion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for W Chicago City Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zenba Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 25 Degrees
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zocalo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Alegre Burrito 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Play Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Destiny Worship Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Planet Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Kustom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayan Sol Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Compass Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance Company 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Kiddies Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Antique Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Highlights Chicago Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gannon's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Mill Cake House Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown Bikes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown Shop & Save Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hitch School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mrs. Oleary's Pub & Grill 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cesar's on Broadway - Bay Windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cesar's on Broadway - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clarke's on Belmont 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coobah II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Guys Burgers & Fries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fornello Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Horizon Community Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LA Fit LA Fitness and Pro Results
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monsignor Murphy's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pick Me Up Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Lanes Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aarons Apothecary LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barry H. Greenburg
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burton Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Thompson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Krehbiel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kabuki Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vinci
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Girl Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condominium Association 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evergreen Foodmart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hafele America Co. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Wells Condominium - Privilege No.1100691
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huron Wells Condominium Association - 1097369
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jersey Mike's Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John W. Jordan II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK 55 West Investor LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Callaghan's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Leary's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One East Wacker LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pret 100 North LaSalle, Inc. - Privilege No. 1094206
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruth Page Foundation, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 430 W Erie LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 545 NMA LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1320 N State Parkway Apartments,  Inc. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1320 N State Parkway Apartments,  Inc. - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perfect Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Susie's Drive In
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jai Yen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lily
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for US Equities Development LLC - loading dock
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avenue Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cocktail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cozy Noodles & Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cullen's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flub A Dub Chub's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornello Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frog N Snail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanok
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kluck-U Chicken
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monsignor Murphy's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nancy's Home of Stuffed Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newport Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Tree Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oh Fusion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho & I
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ping Pong
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rise Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Safari Cup Coffee, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saugatuck Coffee Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sopo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twist A Tapas Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wakamono
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hops and Barley
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jet's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mom's Old Recipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rasmos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Awake Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bojono's Pizzeria/Healthy Kids Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ceres' Table
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Finley Mahony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jitlada Thai House Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Hole Pizza Joint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rokito's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anna Maria Pasteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Apple, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bavarian Chop Haus, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Ocean Sushi Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bookcellar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Browntrout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ch'ava Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner 41 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fin Sushi Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Our Lady of the Resurrection - pedestrian sky bridge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bocca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laschet's Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sierra Corporation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mio Bento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Namo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiny
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troquet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yogurt Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Apart Pizza Company Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jin Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Metropolis Coffee Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Cafe & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pete's Pizza & Bakehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chuckie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey & Sheffield - trash container 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morseland
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Red Grill, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Infusion Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piccolo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sheesh Mahal Dhaba, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Veneto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull-Eh-Dia's Tapas Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matilda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Machu Picchu Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mediterranean Grill & Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Danny's Buy Low
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Emporium Arcade Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose A. Segura & Meredith Dincolo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nova Driving School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Picante Taqueria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunny Shoe Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1521 W Haddon Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carmichael Properties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table Fifty-Two
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Trade of the City of Chicago Inc. - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scout, The - 1301 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 South Jefferson (Chicago) LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1525 West Madison LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack - sign - 108 E. 47th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyde Park Bank & Trust Co. - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyde Park Bank & Trust Co. - door push plate stand
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Side Currency Exchange Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Liberty Currency Exchange Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pucci's Restaurant & Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance - sign - 3659 E 106th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Huck Finn Donuts 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pershing Road Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Chisme
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John's Gar Hot Dogs Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview Automotive Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polish Highlanders Alliance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack - 2521 W 63rd St - sign 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack - sign- 5608-5610 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villegas Furniture 3 Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abogados Natkins and Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alma E Gutierrez D.D.S.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enriquez Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Fertility Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Natys Pizza 26
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Shoe Source No. 1462
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Atotonilco No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Velazquez Jewelers Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexican Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria los Gallos 3 Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moses Auto & Tire Repair Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bacchanalia Restaurant and Lounge 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cristo Rey Jesuit High School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prospect International 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midamerican Printing Systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nail Fetish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prius Health Partnership LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago-Springfield Accounting LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Goat LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Goat LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pegasus Restaurant & Taverna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toni's Pizza Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meridian Midwest LLC Randolph Series
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1355 West Washington Boulevard Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Central Bakery 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quick Wash Coin Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valu Most Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sol De Mexico Tierra Azteca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cans Bar and Canteen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2262
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greystone on Wolcott Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Wine Cellar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lazo's Tacos Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peerless Imported Rugs Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polonia Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silver Cloud
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster's Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Seven Outdoor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Custom Hardwood Floor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Commons - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brisku Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bim Bom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buona Terra Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Mustache
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2856 North Hamlin LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2856 North Hamlin LLC - steps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wheel House, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yango's Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zad
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lula's Grill & Pizza Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Casa De Samuel Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Fredrick's Coiffures
Awning(s) for Prairie District Lofts
Awning(s) for Touchstone Group, LLC
Awning(s) for Esquire's Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Awning(s) for Hoanh Long Restaurant
Awning(s) for Barker's Funeral Home
Canopy(s) for AT&T Mobility
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artist's Snack Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fontanella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Street Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Con Leche D' Noche
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Wave Coffee LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 2 N Lasalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 20 N Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for Insurance Trade Solutions
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe 455
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cantina 46
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elements, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's State St Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Omni Chicago Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charles H. Trotter - light fixture(s)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavernita
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny Rockets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tac Quick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margaret's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coronas Coffee II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twin Anchors - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Select
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7311 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bailey and Brill, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secur Care Self Storage - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 South Jefferson (Chicago) LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C&O Auto Rebuilders
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park National Bank 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scott McNaughton Development Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 35th Street Redhots
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canton Tire Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for HB Doors & Windows, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Valentina Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack - 6843 S Ashland Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bonnie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Merced Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavandaria Sunshine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavanderia Atotonilco No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nuevo Leon Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-1 Truck & Auto Supply 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mandarin Kitchen 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruben Mejia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ritz Car Wash, The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 - Illinois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GSH 2121 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 845 West Fulton St LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polish Store Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elite Auto Body
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Pawn of Chicago No. 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LSL Industries Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art Institute of Chicago, The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Restaurant & Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reza's on Ontario
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor 133 State LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 250 E. Pearson Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 550 St. Clair, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1320 N. State Parkway Apartments,  Inc. - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 181 N Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 57 E Delaware Pl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 30 E Lake St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 203 N LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 350 N LaSalle Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon - 830 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSW Inc. - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  DSW Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Krehbiel - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Krehbiel - foundation support (footing)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Matto Fornaio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eliot's Complete Auto Repair Shop, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fine Food & Liquor Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hong Duong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nano Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reza's Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rowhouses Lakewood Balmoral Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for She Art Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayan Sol Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Lily Flower Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Area Community Center
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 E. Erie Condominium Association
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6858 S Aberdeen St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cactus Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dinkel's Bakery Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Herbaland
Awning(s) for Zapatista
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at One E Wacker Dr
Canopy(s) for Pui Tak Center
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4659 S Cottage Grove Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2320 E 93rd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1455 W Webster Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1301 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6148 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 4
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 5
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 6
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cesar's on Broadway - Bay Windows
Awning(s) for Windermere House LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tech Shield, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Globe Pub, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Monelli Trattoria Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Brick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport and Irving
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt Andersonville LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasteur of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Tokyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caban and Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ezpawn
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone Hotel Developer, LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Tennis Club - Privilege No. 1070476
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essex Inn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morgan Street Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Physicians Immediate Care, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Server Farm Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercy Hospital & Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cottage Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BCL-1947 Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CJUF III Harper Court LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The - decorative fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The - irrigation systems
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Tennis Club - Privilege No. 1070474
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - door swings
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Nutrition Center No. 61
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - bollards
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zachary Maiorca
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercer 113
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - siamese connections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Municipal Bar and Lounge, LLC (1099893)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Municipal Bar and Lounge, LLC (1099899)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Protein Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teeth No Dentures, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tishman Speyer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tracy Adduci Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson 669 North Michigan Avenue, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 10 East Delaware Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 17 N State LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 33 N LaSalle Building/Golub & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 250 E Pearson Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Krehbiel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Linda Listrom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Preferred Development, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks No. 272
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - cornices
Canopy(s) for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC
Canopy(s) for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana
Canopy(s) for Wit, The
Canopy(s) for 440 W Ontario LLC
Canopy(s) for Fred Krehbiel
Awning(s) for Morning Star Bible Baptist Church
Awning(s) for Get It 'N Go LLC
Awning(s) for Nancy's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Grand Appliance Company
Awning(s) for AT&T Mobility
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Hotel and Spa
Awning(s) for Homemade Pizza
Awning(s) for Sai Cafe
Awning(s) for Nookies Cafe & Restaurant
Awning(s) for North Side Church of God
Awning(s) for Runner's Edge, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1756 Mohawk Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cesar's on Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guthries Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halsted's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles and Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Redmond's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sonco Real Estate LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Video
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gannon's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grace Street Tap - Privilege Nol. 1099856
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1901 Addison  LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chiropractic For Life, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8747
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dominick's No. 12/0012
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seymour Gertz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smoke Daddy - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salon Blonde, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Method, The
Awning(s) for Forever Yogurt
Awning(s) for Sotheby's, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joey's Shrimp House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria Super Burrito
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wormhole, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 4 Suyos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amarit Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Loop Club, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Output
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mambo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando Milano Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leader Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Bucharest Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for David Burke's Primehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D4 Irish Pub & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Howl at the Moon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cocina Mexican Grill LLC 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slurping Turtle Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Samba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taco Fresco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Declan's Irish Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barrio Urban Taqueria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Blarney Stone
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's Hot Dog Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ruk Sushi and Thai
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar on Buena, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Signature Pizza, Pasta & Burgers & Jimbos Top Gun Red Hots
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Sports Facilities Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K's Department Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1000 West 63rd St. Building LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1000 West 63rd St. Building  LLC - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Premier Homecare Supplies Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland & 79th Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foster Park Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Racine 83rd Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 87th & Bishop Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8741
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RBO LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Buster No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JTL Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie & Ogden Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexico Dollar, Plus One Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Taco Bueno Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1801 W. 21st Pl. LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1801 W. 21st Pl. LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Pacifico, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loya Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ritz Car Wash, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Catherine Cook School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Greenworks, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Goat, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mod Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maude's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swim Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Terrazzo & Marble Supply Companies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vita Food Products Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walter Payton College Prep High School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Better West Car Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bleeding Heart Bakery, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greystone on Wolcott Assocation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore Sports Physical Therapy, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Seven Outdoor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 860 Evergreen Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Bucharest Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ABH Food & Liquor Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Electronic Engineers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whitestar Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delaware Place Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifield Realty Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First FM Joint Venture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kan Zaman Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Flowers Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1801 W. 21st Pl. LLC - porch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Otis Elementary School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hi-Tops
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocco's LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crocodile, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 312 Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Med
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub 51/ Sub 51
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Colonial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prosecco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barn and Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delightful Pastries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ja' Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kamehachi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwin's Chocolates and Fudge Ice Cream Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mama Milano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nella Pizzeria Napoletana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pars Cove East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sola Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for George's Hot Dog
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fernandez Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health - Privilege No. 1117224
Awning(s) for American Heritage Investment 11 - 2100 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Fin Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health - Privilege No. 1117225
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7311 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent A Car
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bice Ristorante
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mama Milano
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2954 N Racine LLC - on-street bike parking

Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2145 W Grand Ave
Awning(s) for 63rd Foods Mart No. 1, Inc.
Awning(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Awning(s) for Michalik Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Secur Care Self Storage
Awning(s) for Thousand Waves Martial Arts & Self Defense Center, NFP
Awning(s) for Little Joe's Circle Lounge, Inc.
Awning(s) for N&T Handbag Store
Canopy(s) for LQ Acquisition Properties, LLC
Canopy(s) for 200 West Jackson-Vef Vi
Canopy(s) for Sears, Roebuck And Co. No. 6092
Awning(s) for Hanig's Footwear
Canopy(s) for Midway Square Shopping Center LLC
Canopy(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Kyu Sushi Chicago
Canopy(s) for Mr. Robert W. Kobow
Canopy(s) for Nealey Foods Incorpoarted
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buddy Guy's Legends
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third Rail Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Home of Chicken & Waffles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ellie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Miceli's Deli & Food Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panaderia Nuevo Leon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Belly Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kyu Sushi Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oggi Trattoria & Caffe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Viaggio
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 1054
Awning(s) for Hub 51/Sub 51
Awning(s) for MacMall
Awning(s) for Northwestern University
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Canopy(s) for American Heritage Investment
Canopy(s) for Bandera
Canopy(s) for General Growth Properties
Canopy(s) for M Burger
Canopy(s) for Two East Oak Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Wacker GP, Inc. & TDC Canada, Corp.
Canopy(s) for 55 East Investors IV, LLC
Canopy(s) for 55 East Monroe Investors IV, LLC - 55 E Monroe St
Canopy(s) for 55 East Monroe Investors IV, LLC - 105-151 S Wabash Ave
Awning(s) for Advanced Physical Medicine
Canopy(s) for Fifty/50, The
Canopy(s) for American Union Saving & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1725 Division LLC - door swing
Awning(s) for Linder Lawrence LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 221 North LaSalle Partners  LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bakers Shoe Store No. 2050
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1st United Methodist Church of Chicago Aid Society
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Kingsbury LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Casa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scoozi - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ford Center for the Performing Arts: Oriental Theatre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petterino's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Osteopathic Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Flowers Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Water Tower LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford 127 Huron Venture Property Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 Chicago Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elephant & Castle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East Huron Street Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Apple Finer Foods Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kryolan Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tandem Construction, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory Gardens Theater - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory Gardens Theater - marquee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee Company Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luxury Eyesight
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yango's Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Azusa Liquors Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damen 4 Management of Illinois, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hong Duong 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donovan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yin Dee Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fiesta Mexicana Corp. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OGM Investors II LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OGM Investors II LLC - manhole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Niagra Restaurant & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doostan Restaurant Persian and Mediterranean Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rub BBQ Company
Awning(s) for Chicago Hajj and Umrah Group, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave - 318 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave - 399 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4327 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8770 W Bryn Mawr Ave  
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - App No. 100432348
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - App No. 100432349
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3709 N Sheffield Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4401 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 166 E Superior St
Awning(s) for Sears Roebuck & Co. No. 1380
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regal Cinemas City North - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Innjoy -windscreen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Restaurant Veneno De Nayarit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CNA Insurance Company - planter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davanti Enotecca - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bullhead Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Babylon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pony Inn, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DQ Luxury Reflexology Massage Relaxation Retreat - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LQ Acquisition Properties, LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofra Turkish Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. G's Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1459 W Taylor St - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Liquors -sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edgewater, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joie De Vine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cafe Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CJUF III Harper Court LLC - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sherwin-Williams Company, The, No. 3392 - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bin 36
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5237-5245 S Kenwood  LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - 8 E Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5335-5345 S. Kimbark LLC - irrigation system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - 291 E Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Ranch Steak House, The - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hendrikx Belgian Bread Crafter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amelia's Authentic Mexican Cuisine - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leonidas Cafe Chocolaterie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cai Hong Huang - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Magnolia Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Provision, Inc. - sample basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mastro's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Merlo on Maple
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oscar's Watch & Jewelry - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mixed Greens
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piccolo Sogno Due
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RM Lucas Company - 3211 S Wood St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Violet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RM Lucas Company - 3250 S Archer Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Underground Wonder Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gage Park Auto Parts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wit, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guzman Custom Car Audio Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Huandacareo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Cullen Hayes Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Birrieria Jalisco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 63rd & Kedzie Currency Exchange, Inc.- sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save-A-Lot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 74th & Ashland Currency Exchange, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Hands Learning Center Academy, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Top-Notch Beefburger Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quam-Nichols Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christian Community Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State of Illinois Department of Central Management Services - 1225 W 103rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State of Illinois Department of Central Management Services - 9821 S Parnell Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 9756 S Wentworth Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charming Jewelry 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gonzalez Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lalo Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Travel Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cicero Archer NRG, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&J Loung & Banquet Hall Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio 31
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pickard Elementary School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons 11 Condo Assn - 1000-1070 W 15th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons 11 Condo Assn - 1000-1070 W 15th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CA23, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Consumers Supply Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Star Bar & Grill 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kyu Sushi Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paramount Room
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santorini
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Education/DePriest Elementary School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H & H Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bim Bom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harrity's Sports Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JSAB Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Finer Foods Enterprises, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Duck, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mellos Carry Outs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perennial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beezzee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frida's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Cares
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vops LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dollop Coffee and Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for T's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe El Tapatio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresenius Medical Care West Willow, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marie's Riptide Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2648 Seminary Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Brasa Roja, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Bucharest Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beans & Bagels
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chilapan Restaurant & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 1544 W 19th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepes a Latte the Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 1557 W 115th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 1504 W 112th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gannon's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 1462 W 111th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  State of Illinois Department of Central Management - 1207 W 107th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolver
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Law Offices of Barry Kreisler, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnum Insurance 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Growling Rabbit a Cafe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Tire Shop & Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2492
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tipton Cleaners - Permit No. 1092876
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tipton Cleaners - Permit No. 1092875
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Malley's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smakowski Bakery By Smakowski
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D & K Laundry & Cleaners Inc. 
Awning(s) for Custom Medical Stock Photo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4037 North Pualski Condominiums NFP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canine Social Club LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edison Park Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Immaculate Conception Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joan McKee Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ATI Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackhawks Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brehon Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mixed Greens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nike Town
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. - Privilege No. 1101295
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PR 22 W Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condominium Association - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vermilion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zacuto, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development, LLC - manhole
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 09470
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1 N Pulaski Rd and 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 4
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 5
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3954-3960 W Madison St - Sign No. 6
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 1121 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - valve basins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 188 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macy's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamarind
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Muffler Shops, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safeway Carpets - Privilege No. 1101517 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. G's Diner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5509 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Space Storage
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 04494
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fernandez Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard H. Driehaus Museum, The - urns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ecumenical Institute, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flower Flat, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sopraffina
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 173 N Morgan St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1001 Webster LLC - amend
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for KBSII 300 North LaSalle, LLC - cassions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Imperial Towers Condo Assn.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for KBSII 300 North LaSalle, LLC - planters
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 360 W. Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 209 West Jackson, LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1629
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Food Mart
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3300 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8141 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 W Division St - north facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 N Wells St - 320 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 N Wells St - 312 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 W Division St - east facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1201 N State Parkway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 W Division St - west facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1225 N Wells St - 120 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8700 W Bryn Mawr Ave - 147 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Jinn Express
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 836 N Wellington St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2826-2870 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3023 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 720 E 111th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 557 W Polk St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 201 N May St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5238 S Harper Ave - marquee sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5238 S Harper Ave - blade sign
Canopy(s) for Blackstone Hotel Developer, LLC
Canopy(s) for Stateway Associates, LLC
Canopy(s) for Mellow Yellow
Canopy(s) for A&S Beverages
Canopy(s) for Dragon Court Restaurant
Awning(s) for Restaurant Veneno De Nayarit
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bagel on Damen
Awning(s) for Chi Chi Nails
Awning(s) for Signature Tax Services
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Bar Black Sheep
Awning(s) for Mary's African Hair Braiding
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carriage House, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC - fence/occupation of space
Awning(s) for Trinikorp Market Service, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paladar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta on Division
Awning(s) for Creggan Builders, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Pan American Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonne Sante Health Foods Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carnitas Don Rafa Inc.
Canopy(s) for Chicago NNN Financial Associates, LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Guerrero's Tacos and Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anna's Asian Bistro
Awning(s) for 10626-10630 S. Western LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Jones
Awning(s) for Visionz Cafe Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acre/Ombra
Awning(s) for El Dragon
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buca di Beppo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction - Chicago
Awning(s) for La Potosina Grocery
Awning(s) for New China Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TR Napa Valley Tasting Room
Awning(s) for Tanya's Touch Nails
Awning(s) for West Loop Health & Sports Performance Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 7-Eleven No. 34724H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orangetheory Fitness
Canopy(s) for American Dental Association
Canopy(s) for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forza
Awning(s) for Covenant Chapel Missionary Baptist Church
Awning(s) for Vibe Lounge
Awning(s) for Joe's Wine Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi & Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brazilian Bowl, The
Awning(s) for Spa Spot LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troy Mediterranean Grill
Awning(s) for Allstate Insurance Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughan's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PB Maltz
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wood
Awning(s) for Flavio Cajiao, DDS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The, File No. 26
Awning(s) for Spex
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughans Pub
Awning(s) for Blowtique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Punjabi Dhabha
Awning(s) for LaSalle Towers Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Red Violet
Awning(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Awning(s) for Forever Yogurt 001
Awning(s) for Bongo Room, The
Awning(s) for Food Town
Awning(s) for Lakeview Partners Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for Little Jim's
Canopy(s) for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus
Canopy(s) for Old Navy Store No. 5789
Canopy(s) for TEC Properties, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vincent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Green
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3565 N Pine Grove Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 122 Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&T Pancake House 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Levy House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cumin Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morse L Drugs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 332 Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 E Ontario Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Ethiopian Diamond Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 875 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid-Town Tennis Club
Awning(s) for Urban Mischief Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papacito's Mexican Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Eye Eyewear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 300 E North Water St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1920 N Maud Condo Assn - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 101 E Pearson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1920 N Maud Condo Assn.- fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 201 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 98 E Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambrogio's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Chicago Bank and Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burt Richmond & Diane Fitzgerald
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flanagan Residence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Once Over Car Detailing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James McDonald - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petes Pizza No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James McDonald - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing Tours
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miskas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bungalow Cafe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing Tours & Gray Line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Addison Station Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Family Insurance Agency 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Autozone No. 2583
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Joe's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Chicago Bank and Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Chicago Bank and Trust - 2139 W Irving Park Rd - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Dental Studio, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Machu Picchu Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - steps - 1638 N North Park Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Harley - Davidson, Inc.
Awning(s) for Drybar Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - steps - 1640 N North Park Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town School of Folk Music
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RSFAR, Inc. - duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Store No. 25458
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thrive Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Northside Toyota
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 146 E Chestnut St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kam Kong Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - steps - 1642 N North Park Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 620 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Chicago Trolley Company - 200 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 380 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barrio Urban Taqueria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 401 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 160 E Pearson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt 001
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Brauhaus, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 135 E Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Trolley Company - 175 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragon Ranch Moonshine & BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glamour Closet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John W. Jordan II - fence
Awning(s) for M. Johnson Insurance Agency, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pret 100 North LaSalle, Inc. - Privilege No. 1101046
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Violet - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regatta Condo Assn. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Finley Dunne's - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tribal Looms, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U. S. General Services Administration - bollard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East Huron Street Condo Assn. - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Willy's Rib Shack - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Willy's Rib Shack - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby Room Inc. - security camera 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby Room Inc. -  sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O & W Enterprises
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2223-2225 W North Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cactus Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cal's 400 Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LQ Acqusition Properties, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Printers Row Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority - columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 300 S Canal St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Finley Dunne's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 318 W Jackson Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 249 S Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 780 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 1200 S Lake Shore Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Provident Hospital 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - balconies - Privilege No. 1101975
Awning(s) for Continental Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - balconies - 17 W 35th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - balconies - Privilege No. 1101980
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - balconies - 3522 S State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Partnership Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55, LLC
Awning(s) for Lomas Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1100 E 57th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1101 E 58th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1414 E 59th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5727 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  University of Chicago, The - 5757 S University Ave - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  University of Chicago, The - 5800 S Stoney Island Ave - conduit
Awning(s) for Family Dollar Store 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  University of Chicago, The - 5800 S Stoney Island Ave - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  University of Chicago, The - 5850-5900 S Dorchester Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&S Beverages
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chaz Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jeffery Manor Auto Wash Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Currency Exchange 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph C. Cichon Ins Agency Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sarita's Flower Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawn Bowling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lacoco's Pizza & Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arturos Mexican Food
Awning(s) for Running Excels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Record and Costume Incorporated
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dental Clinic, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ella's on Drake
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mrs. Wright's Gourment Popcorn, Inc. - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springer Blueprint Service Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wonderburger Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quam-Nichols Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Pisgah Day Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carmens Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZPawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guarantee Insurance Agency 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Villita Travel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Dan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cicero Archer Currency Exchange Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Camino Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - 3530 W Roosevelt Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sawyer Open Door M.B. Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fontano Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H Kramer & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victor Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Integrity Chicago Auto Repair Express, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Katz Law Office, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Potosina Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragonfly Mandarin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mahoney's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mario's Butcher Shop Food Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Messeresmith, Richard N. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Messeresmith, Richard N. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wing Sign Co. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance - Privilege No.1101930
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurace - Privilege No.1100409
Awning(s) for Children International Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Azteca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Investment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Chicago Bank and Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Wine Cellar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 618 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC
Awning(s) for Akarrasel Child Care Centers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Melrose LLC
Awning(s) for Le Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - 200 S Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for Pecking Order
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby Room 
Awning(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St -- Sign 7 - 382 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Olympia Carpet
Awning(s) for Sofy's Beauty Shop
Awning(s) for Thrifter's Delight
Awning(s) for Zeida's Family Hair Care, Inc.
Awning(s) for Accurate Auto Service, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercer 113
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2145 W Grand Ave
Awning(s) for Red 7 Salon, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mama Milano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoag Law Group, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halsted & 119th Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Local  No. 4 Serv. Employee Union
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lovely, Too: A Bake Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Chicago Bank and Trust - 7555 N Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charmers Cafe/The Dagel and Beli Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supercuts (90458)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Donald Blair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Food 4 Less Midwest No. 552
Awning(s) for Firefly Salon
Awning(s) for Lincoln Park Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Frank's Chicago Shrimp House, Inc.
Awning(s) for Athletico Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar on Buena, The
Canopy(s) for U-Haul Moving & Storage of Bronzeville
Canopy(s) for China Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence Med Spa and Wellness Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Distributors, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Agency EA
Canopy(s) for CAA Hotel Owner LLC
Canopy(s) for Chicago Theater
Canopy(s) for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Dee - bay windows
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4760 S Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6307 S Stewart Ave -- 162 square feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at  6307 S Stewart Ave -- 132 square feet
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 1,378.5 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 425.83 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 272.67 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Dokku
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6307 S Stewart Ave -- north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6307 S Stewart Ave -- east elevation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stony Sub, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Dating Game, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Star Four, Ltd. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Progressive Missionary Baptist Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Manufacturing Campus, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commerical Sub, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Side Muffler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Praxair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T & T Mexican Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R.D.G. Management - 308 W 33rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R.D.G. Management - 537 W 31st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valen's Hair Designs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 238 W 31st St Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cano Properties 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Paloma Grocery Store - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Haciendita Taqueria Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosa's Supermercado
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seven Nine Eleven Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zemsky Corp., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for It's Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedy Mini-Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackthorn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCready, Garcia & Leet, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M.E.G.A. Insurance & Services Co. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Super Mercado LA Chiquita
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4800 & 4900 Congress Block Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enriquez Produce Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marcos Arroyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Hut Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Three Happiness, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Won Kow Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Martinez - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Martinez - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stone City - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stone City - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alphagraphics 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flirty Girl Fitness Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Illiniois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gelato Greco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mod Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MRR (1V) 1406 W Superior, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music Box Films
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noble Pantry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sip Coffeehouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wateron Mondial Venture, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cameron School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luigi's Pizza by the Slice Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amalbert Tax Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chen's Garden, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liberty Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose Rodriguez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Mi Linda Hacienda Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Car Corner - 2205 N Cicero Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Car Corner - 2456 N Cicero Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaron Bilton
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackhawk/Halsted, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid-Town Tennis Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pagoda Red
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GMRI
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pro Active Chiropractic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seven Ten/Atlas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Suites Chicago/Magnificent Mile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shen Shen Health & Harmony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jason's Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's - Ohio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KBSII 300 North LaSalle, LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawry's The Prime Rib Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Levi's Only Stores, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beer Bistro, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers of River North, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le's Signs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chazap, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Samar Discount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Margot Sersen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Coacoyula
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development - building projection/curtain wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Muffler Shops Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragon Boat Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safeway Carpets - Privilege No. 1101517
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & R Development - sunscreens/sunshades
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago NNN Financial Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5254 North Clark LLC - 1511 W Berwyn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5254 North Clark LLC - 5260 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus, The - tree grates  
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus, The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OGM Investors II LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park One Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pippin's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sexton LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timberland Retail, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - 77 W Jackson Blvd - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving Park Chiropractic Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Machu Picchu Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RSFAR, Inc. - stairways
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stella's Fast Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thrive Fitness 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - staircases
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crate & Barrel - earth retention
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crate & Barrel - building projection
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Centre, LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons V Condo Assn.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&J Arnaco LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2 E Cermak Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2320 E 93rd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3200 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4558 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3917 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1333 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1415 N Kingsbury St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 909 W North Ave - 126 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 909 W North Ave - 187 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8700 W Bryn Mawr Ave  - 107 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4002 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East/West University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Folio Square Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Mitchell's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LQ Acquisition Properties, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plymouth Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 32 - 40 South Ashland Condominium, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intrigue Dance and Performing Arts Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Associates LLC - stair bay
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Downey's Har Hig
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4248 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4457 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brother's Submarine Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chaz Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Sprout
Awning(s) for OK Consulating and Reading
Awning(s) for East Eighth Street Assoc. LLC
Awning(s) for Change
Awning(s) for Raad's Hair Designs 
Awning(s) for New Dating Game, The
Awning(s) for Freddies
Awning(s) for Joseph C Cichon Ins. Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Birreria Y Taqueria Arandas
Awning(s) for Panaderia Nuevo Leon
Awning(s) for Intermedia Print
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 4986
Awning(s) for Green Corner Juice Bar/Coffee
Awning(s) for Mike's Hair Design
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Dragon Gate
Awning(s) for Northside Dental
Awning(s) for Gibsons LLC
Awning(s) for Kramers Health Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Cow, The
Awning(s) for Petterino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonne Sante Health Foods, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery/RB Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wellington Trunk & Case Co Inc.
Awning(s) for Sugar Bliss Cake Boutique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nesh Mediterranean Grill
Awning(s) for Westin Hotel Chicago
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 04349
Awning(s) for Vapiano
Awning(s) for Oberweis Dairy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Taqueria El Gallo Bravo No. 4
Awning(s) for Berwyn & Broadway LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. G's Diner
Canopy(s) for University of Chicago, The
Awning(s) for Bennamark Dental, P.C.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Sharlen Electric Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic
Canopy(s) for Economy Folding Box Corp.
Canopy(s) for Won Kow Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Garfield Waters Funeral Home
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Canopy(s) for Jose Rodriguez
Canopy(s) for VIP Electronics & Wireless
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash House A Go Go
Canopy(s) for Admiral Theatre
Canopy(s) for Susy Beauty Salon
Canopy(s) for M & R Development
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alimentari
Canopy(s) for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Canopy(s) for Zocalo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C/R Adlake Limited Partnership
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fatty's Burgers and More Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad Chicago - illuminated glass panels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad Chicago - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vapiano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fournette LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt 001
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Catedral Cafe & Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Diversey's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clifton Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bialystok Monk Chicago Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2421 N Oak Park Avenue Condominiums, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Idea Furniture Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - signs at 201 E Huron St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - signs at 250 E Superior St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Walton, LLC - building projections
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Walton, LLC - landscaping
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Walton LLC - planters
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Walton, LLC - canopy
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vera Wang Fashion Rush LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Illinois Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Immaculate Conception Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Plaza Condominium Association - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moretti's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Plaza Condominium Association - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Homes of Orleans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Re/Max City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flanagan Residence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francis W. Parker School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mecca Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Natalie Sacchetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo North Park LLC - step - 1636 N Park Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrightwood Plaza Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julius Meinl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 W. North Avenue Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Temple Sholom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3830 N. Sheffield Manor Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Associated Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Babes on Milwaukee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Capitol Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Koenig & Strey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mom's Old Recipe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Building Commission of Chicago - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Mischief Chicago Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Space Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mullen's Bar & Grill 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & M Financial Consulting, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens - banners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freddies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Pizza
Awning(s) for Cathay Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Real Ryder Revolution
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - 230 S Dearborn St - bollards
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 173 N Morgan St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 438-440 W Eugenie  LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 438-440 W Eugenie  LLC - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6057 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1838 S Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3929 N Clarendon Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LQ Acqusition Properties, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daisy's Carwash and Gas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Savon Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mac Mall
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley Brown Jewelist Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - 77 W Jackson Blvd - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - building projection
Awning(s) for Clark Manor Convalescent Center
Canopy(s) for University of Chicago, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1956 W Armitage Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2550 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1537 N Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1110 W 35th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W Fullerton Ave - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W Fullerton Ave - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3400 W Montrose Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2551 W Cermak Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5435 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3931 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5596 N Northwest Hwy - 240 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1420 W 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5401 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 N Dearborn St - App No. 100447974
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 N Dearborn St - 47 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6331 N Broadway - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6331 N Broadway - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4757 N Talman Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6103 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 S Canal St - 109 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1101 S Canal St - 500 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5596 N Northwest Hwy - 320 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8109 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1002 W Diversey Pkwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 850 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8145 S Pulaski Rd - 140 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8145 S Pulaski Rd - 155 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8145 S Pulaski Rd - 68 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 N Dearborn St - 125 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 N Dearborn St - 324 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 N Dearborn St - App No. 100447970
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at Chicago O'Hare International Airport - 518 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at Chicago O'Hare International Airport - 2,285 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10000 W O'Hare
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11555 W Touhy Ave
Canopy(s) for El Mundo Magico De O.T.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports World
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bandera
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatgris LLC - Privilege No. 1092344
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatgris LLC - Privilege No. 1092343
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artist's Snack Shop
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antique Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Bank Trust No. A7701099274 - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers of River North LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Avenue Maid-Rite Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Presbyterian Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G&R Investments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Phillip Pappas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7544 S Stony Island Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7114 S Yates Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports and Ortho Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Para Too
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5512 S Hyde Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish American Museum
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aranoff True Value Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Joint
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1101575
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buddies Food & Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1101573
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Powell, Tracey 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Restaurants
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citgo Fuel & Mini Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1101571
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Store No. 4061
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1101570
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shoppe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5801 S Ellis Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vrai Amour
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5828 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Flats Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 12) - 5700 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 905-919 E 57th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Produce - Privilege No. 1102115
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5620-5640 S Drexel Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5701 S Woodlawn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 87th Street Gas, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BP Pipelines (North America) Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claretian Assoc., Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mentor Building Condo Assn./Wolin-Levin, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Family Services 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mile North Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bertco Development LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bluemercury
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paraiso Travel & Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dreamscape Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 13489
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cool Stuff
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zhou B Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wesley Realty Group, Inc. - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wesley Realty Group, Inc. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS Pharmacy No. 4189
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Gate Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark on Western
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fuga LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for China Snack (I. D. Required)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 63rd & Ashland C.X., Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guthries Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cermak Appliance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquette Auto Glass, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halsted Eye Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blank, Hilliard I. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Tierra-South
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pangea Ventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kirkwood Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2 Star Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dan's Bakery & Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oberweis Dairy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riccordino Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panera Cares
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Navy - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Tennis Club - concrete
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Tennis Club - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Navy - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Classic Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Island Furs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RPM Italian - Privilege No. 1099336
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Insurance Pro Agencies, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RPM Italian - Privilege No. 1099775
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Total Balance Chiropractic, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Sur Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Y&O Sheffield LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Esperanzas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royal Thai Consulate General
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Garden Food & Liq. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruby of Siam
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiteside Liquors, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sexton Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 166 N Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Produce - Privilege No. 1102111
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - 300 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 6030-6041 S Dorchester Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1300-1314 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sumi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for World Gym
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Produce - Privilege No. 1102113
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1200-1236 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Un Cork It
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 6052-6059 S Woodlawn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universe Health Source
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1144-1178 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boutique Andrea Bridal, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 6052-6057 S University Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West 77
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The -1100-1134 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ZED 451
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1000-1034 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Encanto Michoacano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corepower Yoga LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 East Monroe Investors IV LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 6054-6059 S Ellis Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Truck Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 116-120 Chestnut Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panaderia Coral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 3359 - Privilege No. 1101350
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 250 E. Pearson Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400-410 Michigan Real Estate LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 3359 - Privilege No. 1101352
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 962-978 E 61st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1028 N Rush St Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Garden Grill Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crosby's Kitchen
Canopy(s) for Kathy De's
Canopy(s) for Studio Merchandise, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Crosby's Kitchen
Awning(s) for Carniceria La Hacienda, Inc.
Awning(s) for Chicago Art and Design Center
Awning(s) for Mayra's Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Red Apple Convenience
Awning(s) for Logan Square Building - 3103-3113 W Logan Blvd 
Awning(s) for Logan Square Building - 2557-2569 N Milwaukee Ave
Awning(s) for Hairtech The Salon
Awning(s) for Irving Park Hand Carwash, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Viaggio
Canopy(s) for Hotel Lincoln Park Owner, LLC
Canopy(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Canopy(s) for Taco Joint
Awning(s) for Urba Baby
Awning(s) for Carriage House, The
Awning(s) for Pinky Nail Chicago, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Century 21
Awning(s) for United Loan Co., Inc. 
Canopy(s) for Presidential Towers
Awning(s) for Lake Park Associates, Inc. 
Awning(s) for D. Angelo Pawners & Jewelers, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cutz to Perfection
Awning(s) for Doty Nash Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Brighton Mini Mart, Inc.
Awning(s) for Delgadillo, Renato 
Awning(s) for Taqueria Atotonilco No. 1
Awning(s) for 2201 S. Wentworth LLC
Awning(s) for Dental Sunshine
Awning(s) for Randolph Adventures, Inc.
Awning(s) for A New Era Jewerly & Coin
Awning(s) for Polka Sausage
Awning(s) for Kong, John Gil 
Awning(s) for Red Architech Ltd.
Awning(s) for Magic Sign
Awning(s) for PB Maltz - 3810 - 3812 W Lawrence Ave
Awning(s) for Polo Retail Corporation
Awning(s) for Lasalle Tower Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Red Violet
Awning(s) for Antolak Management Co.
Awning(s) for I Dream of Falafel
Awning(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Awning(s) for Hash House A Go Go
Awning(s) for Lincoln Avenue Maid-Rite Diner
Awning(s) for Paws Chicago
Awning(s) for Crossroads Trading
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2981
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2942
Awning(s) for Bunches A Flower Shop
Awning(s) for Zizi's Kabobs
Awning(s) for El Mariachi, Inc.
Awning(s) for BMO Harris Bank
Awning(s) for Thai Classic Restaurant
Awning(s) for Saratoga USA
Awning(s) for Amy's Candy Bar
Awning(s) for Gigi's Playhouse
Awning(s) for Hanami
Awning(s) for Metropolis Coffee Co.
Awning(s) for Lovely, Too: A Bake Shop
Awning(s) for Broadway Festival LLC
Awning(s) for Forever Yogurt Andersonville LLC
Awning(s) for Sonny's Store
Awning(s) for Rogers Park Business Alliance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave Tequila Bar & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Joint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Pour
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kroll's South Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bacci Pizzeria on Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barry's Cut Rate Stores, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Espace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G-Star
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Coast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heather and Brendan Gately - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sugar Fly, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunny Side Up
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1604 W North Ave LLC
Canopy(s) for Chicago Club, The 
Canopy(s) for D.G. Hurley Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auditorium Park One LLC
Canopy(s) for Ambassador Condo Homeowner Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Campus Construction, Inc. - 1148 W Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Campus Construction, Inc. - 35 S Racine Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo. Assn. 
Canopy(s) for Bloomingdales, Inc. - Privilege No. 1102523
Canopy(s) for Bloomingdales, Inc. - Privilelge No. 1102522
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone Hotel Developer LLC
Canopy(s) for Fitplex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LQ Acquisition Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vanguard Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Well Future Pharmacy LLC
Canopy(s) for Heritage at Millennium Park Condo Assn., The
Canopy(s) for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Canopy(s) for Old Navy
Canopy(s) for River View Condo Assn. - Privilege No. 1102288
Canopy(s) for River View Condo Assn. - Privilege No. 1102554
Canopy(s) for West 77
Canopy(s) for 550 West Washington Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Assoc. LLC - 1101979
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stateway Assoc. LLC - 1101976
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Liquors, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join The Movement
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aqua at Lakeshore East LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn. - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heather and Brendan Gately - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn. - catch basin 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heather and Brendan Gately - retaining wall 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Umbriago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Fireplace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bloomingdales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pinky Nail Chicago, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Usagi Ya
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zen Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Agave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Playhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Guys Burger & Fries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Michigan LLC - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Michigan LLC - grease separator
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clare, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Hotel and Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dublin Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Franz Korndorf - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - marquee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Franz Korndorf - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glamour Closet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Assoc., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad Chicago - 1101958
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7101 S Jeffery Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad Chicago - Privilege No. 1102405
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7054 S Jeffery Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hash House A Go Go 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelo's Taverna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 1533 E 67th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage at Millennium Park Condo Assn., The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage at Millennium Park Condo Assn., The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homegoods No. 510
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Plaza Condo Assn. - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Plaza Condo Assn. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brighter Dental of Old Town LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daddy-O's Jerk Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dearborn Street Bldg. LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JBC/155 Development - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6772
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JBC/155 Development - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fragrance Island, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francis W. Parker School - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francis W. Parker School - ornamental fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LaSalle Bank Trust No. A7701099274 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Lincoln Park Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Myle Asian Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snappy's Shrimp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport and Irving
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zneimer & Zneimer P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1801 Byron LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont Assembly of God
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&J Speaker Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Coin Co., Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anong Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Skylark Motel 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kurowski Sausage Shop & Rich
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio 31
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory Center of Galewood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andies Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Square Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&D Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicole Harper - chimneys
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Avenue Shrimp House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parson's Chicken & Fish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt Andersonville LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raul's Repair Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Descartes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicole Harper - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meiszner Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BMO Harris Bank 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank,  N.A.  sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2201 S Wentworth LLC - Privilege No.1102270
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regulus Coffee House Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  2201 S Wentworth LLC - Privilege No. 1102269
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boss Optical 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragon Court Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bel Park Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabatinos, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Auto Radiator Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lotus Cafe & Banh Mi Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mujeres Latinas En Accion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AAMCO/Duratrans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donut Baskin & Togo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shiekh Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jake's Auto Body, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1801 W 21st Pl LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lee's Garden Chinese Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stone City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Place LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salon 718
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zahedi, Ali 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvador Felix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smoque BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless and Beyond IL LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zrodlo Books & Gifts, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Adventures, Inc. - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Adventures, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antique Row Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athena Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davis Imperial Cleaners, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fireplace Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Shoulders Coffee Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fogon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gateway Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calumet Photographic, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ina's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music Box Films
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Gym of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perez Mexican Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John E. Maloney
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macku
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R.P. Fox Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayra's Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Street Landscape Supply LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank's Food Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sip Coffeehouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Medical Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gelato Greco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaronson, Rachel 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OG Plumbing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steve Grubman Photography, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Personal Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Randolph Adventures, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reliable Plating Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - concrete walkways
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - light fixtures - 3015 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors - light fixtures - 118 S Cicero Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soundz Good Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unplugged Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Your Pet's Wellness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1924 North Damen LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AAMCO Complete Car Care No. 4953
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts/Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laramie Diversey C.X. Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Poncitlan Jalisco No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Produce - Privilege No. 1102114
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Wide Transmissions, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Atotonilco No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milex Tune Up And Brakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8980
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ali Baba Hookah Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1926 North Lincoln Park West Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaron's Sales and Lease
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norman C. Vorne - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norman C. Vorne - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Filonek's - signs
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2131 S Archer Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sal's Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boarding House
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 637 S Kedzie Ave
Canopy(s) for National Pawnshop LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Awning(s) for Motorcycle Riding School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Food & Liquor - Privilege No. 1120654
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Collision - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ten Thirty Five
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerusalem General Mdse Ltd.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6103 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1739 W 79th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7131 S Yates Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7903 S Luella Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8500 S Holland Rd - Sign No. 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8500 S Holland Rd - Sign No. 3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4044 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2630 W Bradley Pl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for General, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2529 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3450 W 26th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3120 N Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5129 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 209-217 E 71st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5129 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 N Elizabeth St - 171 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 300 N Elizabeth St - 250 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2701 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 530 N Wabash Ave - App No. 100454475
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 530 N Wabash Ave - App No. 100459784
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 530 N Wabash Ave - App No. 100454478
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3302 W Belmont Ave - 137 sq. ft.
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 06641
Canopy(s) for VMB Builders, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Law Offices of Teresita Marsal Avila
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sterling Bay Inc. - occupation of space
Canopy(s) for Fat Pour
Canopy(s) for Homecraft Construction, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Target Corp.
Canopy(s) for Cityview Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Dana Hotel and Spa
Canopy(s) for Hard Rock Hotel
Canopy(s) for Thompson Building, LLC
Canopy(s) for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Canopy(s) for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chopin Theater
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2877
Canopy(s) for Burton Place Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Pour
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Louie's Pub - sign
Canopy(s) for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Louie's Pub - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paladar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paradise Cantina 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabor Saveur
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1528-1532 North Paulina Condo Assn. -  bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1528-1532 North Paulina Condo Assn. - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garrett Popcorn Shops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kroll's South Loop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sloopdental, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snap Fitness, 24/7
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UMAI
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Landmark Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1625 South Clark Street LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harper Theatre - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Local, The
Canopy(s) for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Awning(s) for Elm Apartments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard H. Driehaus Museum, The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank's Chicago Shrimp House, Inc.
Canopy(s) for China Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Park Highland Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4303 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4681 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4693 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 4908 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 5044 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 648 E 47th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 700 E 47th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quad Communities Development Corporation - 1360 E 47th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7054 S Jeffery Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7131 S Jeffery Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. -  6937 S Stony Island Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 7101 S Stony Island Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 1533 E 67th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 2325 E 71st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 1818 E 71st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - 1833 E 71st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4603 N Racine Condo Assn. - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1102888
Awning(s) for Louie's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5807 S Woodlawn Ave
Awning(s) for Elizabeth's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Chicago Computer Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5750 S Woodlawn Ave
Awning(s) for Grocery Basket
Awning(s) for El Ranchito Food Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Capri Garfield Ridge Beauty
Awning(s) for San Juan Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First St. Peter MB Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Food Market - sign
Awning(s) for Martin Sexton
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Food Market - light fixture
Awning(s) for Ogden Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third Rail Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James McHugh Construction Co.
Awning(s) for Flour and Bones
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria El Charo De San Francisco
Awning(s) for Mayfair Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 87th & Commercial Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polo Cafe and Catering Bridgeport U.S.A. - sign
Awning(s) for Fordham Condo, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket 
Awning(s) for Forty East Delaware Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Nail 2NE1 Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Collision Revision Chicago 38th 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mariscos El Kora, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BaBa's Steak & Lemonade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 79th & Rhodes Curr. Exch., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tailo Rite Clothing Repair Co
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 9821 S Parnell Ave
Awning(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 9756 S Wentworth Ave
Awning(s) for Saks Fifth Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1225 W 103rd St
Awning(s) for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Awning(s) for BB Bun Mi Express
Awning(s) for Digits Nail Spa, P.C.
Awning(s) for Fusion Hair Studio
Awning(s) for Magnum Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delar's Unisex Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Central Bank - Permit No. 1102666
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Central Bank - Permit No. 1101792
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JTL Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1506 W Grand Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Tamesi No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allure Nail Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Atrium Mall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Chartered Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago-Ashland Discount, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GEB
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reverend Floyd D. James - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Aberdeen Partners LLC - 3 N Aberdeen St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boeing Co., Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reverend Floyd D. James - stairway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Aberdeen Partners, LLC - 4 N Aberdeen St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reverend Floyd D. James - guardrail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank, N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Lago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2500 S Homan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American International Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Erie LaSalle Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese Christian Union Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cristo Rey Jesuit High School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2400 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Roma Italian Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2434 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Schmid - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2757 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martin Sexton - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Schmid - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martin Sexton - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2459 S St. Louis Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 2459 S Trumbull Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tai Ho Yee Food Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kesh Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3220 W 25th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martin Sexton - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Zaika Restaurant, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3549 W 25th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ricardo Villarreal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Sky Capital, LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Liquors
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 251 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vivo Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zechman Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Luna No. 2
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glamour Closet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese Chef's Kitchen, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Oak Properties, LP c/o Lelyn Group, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3924 W 26th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LAZ Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey & Austin Liquor Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicole's Furniture, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Louis 1888
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - 259 E Erie St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carana Realty Group - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MG International 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smith Ortiz P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Value Auto Mart Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SL Civic Wacker LLC - loading dock
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Absinthe Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MPA Onterie Center, LLC - Privilege No. 1096428
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Fitness Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 4056 W 31st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MPA Onterie Center, LLC - Privilege No. 1096431
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MPA Onterie Center, LLC - Privilege No. 1096432
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cathryn Burns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marshalls No. 690
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martinez Family Dental P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Antique Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miller's Pub & Restaurant
Awning(s) for Aquarius Club & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holstein Park Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Otis Properties, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2223-2225 W North Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Bank
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marie Poulos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park's Noodle House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital (Cafeteria-2nd)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Collection, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salon V
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for P.F. Chang China Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunset Caffe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Halsted Maxwell Street Polish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - grease basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - grease separators
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royal Castle Motel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Mexicana Bakery Cafe No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1207 W 107th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1462 W 111th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1504 W 112th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont Austin Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1557 W 115th St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Expert Real Estate Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Suburban Mayors & Managers Assn. - 1544 W 119th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&G Fresh Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Wireless, Inc. - sign 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carana Realty Group - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainforest Cafe - fences
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trinikorp Market Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainforest Cafe - light pole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Gold Gallery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Genesis Computer Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River View Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orso's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sapori
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunstone Saint Clair, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tremaine Atkinson Revocable Trust
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Farmhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cumberland Centre LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lake View Merchants
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Eye Eyewear - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Asset Management - stair case
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SL Civic Wacker LLC - trash compactor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Last Bay Beer Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Native Food Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago - ventilation well (air grate)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goran Coban Ltd. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Home Improvement Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Intl Auto Service Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Fresh Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Budackis Drive-In Hot Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  WLS Television, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3500 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Celtic Crown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabri Nihari Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 East Monroe Investors IV, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3657 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charotte Kawa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Via Veneto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3420 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 116-120 Chestnut Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 212 W Washington Condo Assn. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 212 W Washington Condo Assn. - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncommon Ground - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncommon Ground - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobil
Awning(s) for Home2Design LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Girl & the Goat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kaiser Tiger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XX - caissons
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2550 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tianguis Fresh Foods - light fixture
Awning(s) for Chicago Art and Design Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Planet Fitness
Awning(s) for Windy City Hand Car Wash-North Ave
Awning(s) for Hilton Chicago Magnificient Mile Suites
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Samer Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homan Arthington Foundation
Awning(s) for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Martinez
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Stony Submarine, Inc. - sign - amend
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pitchfork Food & Saloon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flanagan Residence
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kronon Lincoln-Mercury
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaron Bilton
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grass Fed
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Pig Asian Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coleman's Barbeque LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockwell Partners 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7715 S South Shore Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 430 N Michigan Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 430 N Michigan Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 325 W Ohio St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 437 N Rush St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5000 W Roosevelt Rd - 288 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4747 N Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5000 W Roosevelt Rd - 375 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2001 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 12900 S Doty Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 40 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3358 N Sheffield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 11565
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carriage House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Covo Gyro  Market
Awning(s) for China Court Restaurant
Awning(s) for Steve Quick Jeweler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for De Pasada Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&A Auto Spa, Inc.
Awning(s) for Carmichael's Chicago Steak House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Life Covenant Church and New Life Family Service
Awning(s) for Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pint
Awning(s) for Jet Star Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supercuts
Canopy(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Awning(s) for Maxwells Street Grill
Canopy(s) for Tio Luis Tacos, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join The Movement
Awning(s) for Ewing Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - planter curb
Canopy(s) for Walgreen's No. 07055
Awning(s) for La Fruteria, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Coco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western-North Currency  Exchange, Inc.
Awning(s) for Busy Bees Child Development Center
Canopy(s) for John R. Morreale, Inc.
Awning(s) for Children's Dental World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless & Beyond
Canopy(s) for Jolly Inn Restaurant
Awning(s) for Takito Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - planter railing
Canopy(s) for Best Western River North Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carhartt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1120 N Ashland Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Champion Golf
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flaco's Tacos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gems Chicago, Inc.
Awning(s) for Seea Food Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Monaco
Canopy(s) for Bristol Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East LLC
Awning(s) for Carmen's Hair Salon
Canopy(s) for Friedman Properties Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.J. Peppers Food Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Howl at the Moon
Awning(s) for Carniceria La Hacienda No. 2, Inc.
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JMB/Urban 900 Development Partners Ltd.
Awning(s) for La Santa Cruz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Board of Trustees University of Illinois - conduits
Canopy(s) for Mike Ditka's Restaurant
Canopy(s) for New York Jewelers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Board of Trustees University of Illinois - manholes
Canopy(s) for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Awning(s) for Healthy Family Medical Center
Canopy(s) for Public Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Board of Trustees University of Illinois - steam tunnels
Awning(s) for Nationwide Medical Equipment & Supplies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee
Awning(s) for Beverly Woods Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carmichael's Chicago Steak House
Awning(s) for Morcom, N.V., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John D. & Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation - cornices
Awning(s) for Martinez, Delfina 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kasey's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John D. & Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kroll's South Loop
Awning(s) for Progressive Sheet Metal, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Place Condo Assn. - balconies
Awning(s) for Harpo Studios, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Water Park LLC
Awning(s) for Nohea Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Place Condo Assn. - vaults
Awning(s) for Ulta Beauty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush University Medical Center
Awning(s) for Stars Food Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Awning(s) for Ecuador Fashions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - planters
Awning(s) for Sulko's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daystar Education Association, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church
Awning(s) for New Tech Signs
Awning(s) for Zapada Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dream Town Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barbara Anns Motel 2
Awning(s) for Black Dog Gelato
Awning(s) for Clean Healthy Smiles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Velma's 408 Club, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lafarine Bakery No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Classic Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sofra Turkish Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Den
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Play It Again Sports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 114
Awning(s) for Perl Mortgage, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silvie's Vardar Pub
Awning(s) for Sanabel Grocery & Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 3301
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Care, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lily Supermarket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Busy Bees Child Development Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lynamy LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evans Food Products
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ovie Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 3158
Awning(s) for George's Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panera Bread
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Real Ryder Revolution
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Historic Films_1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cans Bar and Canteen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Space Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grass Fed
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Running Away Multisport
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art of Chicken, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Gym of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thomasville Retail, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zen Noodles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6918
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6092
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hiromi's Oriental Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NWN Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 103rd & Halsted Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C&J Auto Repair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Produce, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Diner Logan Square
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JDI of Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miranda Furniture & Electronic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1704 Humboldt Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PCC Community Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Bartholomew Parish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Without A Trace Weavers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edgewater Antique Mall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5254 N. Clark LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brandy's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 4903
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kite Harbor/Chicago Kite
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Burrito King
Awning(s) for A.P. Convenient
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schaller, John
Awning(s) for El-Jeeb Grocery & Meat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marathon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XVII/State & Washington LLC
Awning(s) for Edgewater Antique Mall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.J. Peppers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago - emergency generator exhaust
Awning(s) for Sandy's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alex Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A. Finkl & Sons Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Madison Wells Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arch Apothecary, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Wacker Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Stop Food and Liquors
Awning(s) for Anixter Center - 2020 N Clybourn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Costello's Sandwiches & Sides
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halligan Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for East Coast Pantry Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley's Restaurant
Awning(s) for ID, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6527
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 116-120 Chestnut Properties LLC - ornamental safety fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stephen Burns & Katherine Neisser
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steppenwolf
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First American Tax and Financial Services Prof. Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Menomonee Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruiz Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 250 E. Pearson Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wild Hare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southwest Signs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 North LaSalle Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Travel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America Travel & Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zapatista
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century Shopping Centre, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Plan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Mariachi, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Grace Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Eyes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Massage Envy Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Entertainment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6573
Awning(s) for Kanela Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JDI of W 63rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W. W. Jackson Funeral Home - sign
Awning(s) for Noodles and Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century Shopping Centre, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fernandez Auto Glass & Repair
Awning(s) for Persona
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Cook County Insurance Agency
Awning(s) for Sports World
Awning(s) for Total Balance Chiropractic, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago Dodge - Privilege No. 1099616
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walmart No. 5645
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nesh Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2835 North Clark LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago Dodge - Privilege No. 1103158
Awning(s) for J. F. Morrow & Sons, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoyne Savings Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oriental Chop Suey  
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thee European Spa
Awning(s) for I Perfection Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CDG III, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charlies Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Poag Mahone's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riviera Theater II LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Pharmacy, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tech Shield, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morenos Discount Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for Freddie Villacci, Jr. Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Suarez Del Real, Rosalinda
Awning(s) for Image Showcase
Awning(s) for Altmans Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Lakes Fish & Chicken, Inc.
Awning(s) for Azure Nails & Waxing Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PhD. Electronics, Inc. - security camera
Awning(s) for Ba Le Sandwiches No. 3
Awning(s) for Carmine's Clam House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PhD. Electronics, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Awning(s) for Raffaello Hotel
Awning(s) for Rosebud on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C. Douglas Hinckley/J. James
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cell Com of Chicago, Inc.
Awning(s) for Marigold Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fat Lee Grocery Store
Awning(s) for Nelson Funeral Home, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sivananda Yoga Vedanta Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Law Offices of Demetrio Garza LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial
Awning(s) for Trillium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GNC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Dynamics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mon Lung Chop Suey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nohea Cafe
Awning(s) for Antojitos Mexicanos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cruz, Rafael
Awning(s) for Super Mercado Carreta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martyn George LLC
Awning(s) for 7 Stars Salon/Spa By Gladys Jean Louis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Corporation - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Srichinda, Songchai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Target Corporation - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Terry's Toffee, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Federal Savings Bank, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lago Banquets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Molina Auto Repairs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vile and Valiant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cozy Corner Diner & Pancake House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Modern Image
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocio's Flower & Gift Shop
Awning(s) for Spanish Coalition for Housing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Just Grapes - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hyatt Place Chicago South
Awning(s) for Crate & Barrel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119640
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana - balconies
Awning(s) for Bass Realty 3 LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 44 E Ontario St
Awning(s) for La Esperanza Laundry
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5836 N Pulaski Rd - 42 feet
Awning(s) for Capelli Academy of Cosmetology II, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East-West University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Store, Corp., The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3239 W Belmont Ave -  east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3239 W Belmont Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3239 W Belmont Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6701 S Western Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 148 W 79th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6858 S Aberdeen St - Sign No. 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 47 W Division St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Banana Republic No. 8179
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Kelley - door swings
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antolak Management Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Windy City Discount Muffler & Brakes, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Kelley - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Kelley - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2358 South Oakley LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West on North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burger Baron
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2358 South Oakley LLC - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cobra Lounge
Awning(s) for Barry Regent Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steve Grubman Photography, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dal Paeng Yi Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Laramie Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2358 South Oakley LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobil Gas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parto Naderi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1133 N. Dearborn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nite Cap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bojono's Pizzeria/Healthy Kids Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnolia Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fountain View Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marigold Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sirron Pilates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Town Cleaners
Awning(s) for Kenyatta's Daycare
Awning(s) for Baby Academy, The
Awning(s) for Madrid Jewelry, Inc.
Awning(s) for Forever Yogurt
Awning(s) for Marjen Furniture of Chicago, Inc.
Awning(s) for Interparking
Canopy(s) for Dream Tech Comm
Canopy(s) for Michael Kelley
Awning(s) for Broadway Eye Institute
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 118
Canopy(s) for JRC 215 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aries Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey & Long Marathon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Congress Plaza Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Z Zenith Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pro Image
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chief O'Neill's Pub & Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert & Beverly Byars - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert & Beverly Byars - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Market Fish Cooked & Fresh
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baby Academy, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Busy Beaver Button Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.P.E. Day Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Diner Logan Square
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Quibrada No. 5
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primex-Tune-Up, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-1 Tax Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Van Phat Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Relaxed You, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metra
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martin Zoladz State Farm Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S & K Food Mart & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&A Dollar Plus, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uno Dollar Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harlem Ave Sewing Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clear Ridge Hardware
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2358 South Oakley LLC - turret
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Distributors, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coleman's Barbeque 2 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cristo Rey Jesuit HIgh School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Fix Auto Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EK Gifts & Housewares, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Casual Male Store LLC
Awning(s) for NHS Neighborhood Housing Service Roseland
Awning(s) for Szymanski Bros., Inc.
Awning(s) for Erie LaSalle Body Shop
Awning(s) for We'll Clean III
Awning(s) for Scrub A Dub Dub
Awning(s) for VZN Eyecare
Awning(s) for Johnny Brown Bag
Canopy(s) for Twisted Spoke
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basement, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta on Division
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frances' Cocktail Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children's Dental World
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Collision Experts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fiesta Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Beautique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mario's Jewelry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IAC 955 West Cermak LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aaron's Sale & Lease & Ownership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andy's Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi Store No. 32
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Theatre, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sergio's Taqueria Pizza, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WM Thybony Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Natalie Sacchetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scrub A Dub Dub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Wig Bag
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 645 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3100 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Illinois St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott Chicago - light fixtures
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3601 N Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 W Irving Park Rd
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 09709
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5244 S Lake Park Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 400 S Jefferson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3259 N Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 851 N LaSalle LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3443 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3443 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5244 S Lake Park Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5244 S Lake Park Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4627 W Diversey Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4627 W Diversey Ave
Awning(s) for Minas TV & Video
Canopy(s) for NOP HB Building LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7929-7931 S State St
Awning(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Awning(s) for Pompei on Sheffield
Awning(s) for Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel-Nix
Awning(s) for Steve Quick Jeweler
Awning(s) for Zed 451
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven No. 33908A
Awning(s) for Dee's Restaurant & Szechuan Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Burrito Feliz Restaurant - step
Canopy(s) for GLL Properties 444 North Michigan, LP
Awning(s) for Tots Land
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meenari Oriental Restaurant
Awning(s) for Play Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jiffy Lube
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for So Gong Dong Tofu House
Canopy(s) for Italian Village Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedline Auto Service
Awning(s) for Oshana & Son Printing
Canopy(s) for Riverview Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brian Thomas McCormack - occupation of space
Awning(s) for Batdorff Photography
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brian Thomas McCormack - fence
Canopy(s) for 50 E. Bellevue Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Crystal Laundry Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fit Girl Studio
Awning(s) for Epic Burger, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Canopy(s) for 100 E. Walton Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Flax Art & Frame
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Med Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster Cleaners
Awning(s) for North Community Bank
Canopy(s) for 111 West Wacker Partners LLC
Awning(s) for Tesori
Awning(s) for Wingstop
Canopy(s) for 200 East Delaware Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - blade light fixtures
Canopy(s) for 1260 N Astor Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - manhole
Canopy(s) for Andy's Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S.S. Food & Liquor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Sandwiches & Salads
Awning(s) for Anixter Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - Privilege No. 1101593
Canopy(s) for Lakeview Fitness Investors LLC
Awning(s) for Solaris Medical Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - Privilege No. 1103716
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Menomonee Club, The
Awning(s) for 2450 North Lakeview Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - security photo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - trash containers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peak Properties 
Awning(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B-T Diplomat LLC- grease separator
Awning(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  B-T Diplomat LLC- door swing
Awning(s) for State Street Barbers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damen 4 Management of Illinois, LLC
Awning(s) for Tango Sur
Awning(s) for Y&O Sheffield LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NHU Lan Saigon-Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Last Bay Beer Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Medspring
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercury Theater
Awning(s) for Milwaukee Foster LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Senza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walmart No. 5645
Awning(s) for 418 Family Childcare Center
Awning(s) for Bad Dog Tavern and Grill
Awning(s) for Chicago Dollar Market
Awning(s) for Heros
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Off the Tracks
Awning(s) for Monti's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Protein Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Condo
Awning(s) for Ritz Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River View Condo Assn. - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River View Condo Assn. - trees
Awning(s) for Gino's North Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvatore Ferragamo
Awning(s) for Park Edgewater Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Siena Tavern
Awning(s) for Soggy Paws, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC - subway connection
Awning(s) for Van's Salon & Laser Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art Institute of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1103769
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art Institute of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1103594
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fordham Condo, The - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fordham Condo, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tourbillon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1-15 East Oak Street Owners LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1-15 East Oak Street Owners LLC - grease separator 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1-15 East Oak Street Owners LLC - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates, LP - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates, LP - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 40 North Wells LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 737 North Michigan Avenue Investors LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 747 N Sedgwick Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Women & Children First
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwaukee Foster LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Savory Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warren P. Fabisch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VK Wholesale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Budget Rent-A-Car
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Fitness Investors LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Fitness Investors LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar on Buena, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gannon's Pub - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gannon's Pub - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grace Street Tap - Privilege No. 1099855
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laschet's Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ouroboros LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Station LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Station LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Station LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South-East Asia Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Van's Salon & Laser Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fish Keg, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deeba Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East Huron Street Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Westin Hotel Chicago 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts LLC - siamese connection
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts LLC - building projection
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiteside Liquors Inc
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvatore Ferragamo
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3333-3335 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4750 N Sheridan Rd
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2406-2410 E 76th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7715 S South Shore Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3320 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1708 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 136 W 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3223 W 36th St - 128 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at  747 E 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 200 N Columbus Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 645 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 551 W Ogden Ave - 36 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3223 W 36th St - 726 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 551 N Ogden Ave - 34 ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AGC West Owner, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bartosz Wisniewski - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bartosz Wisniewski - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caban and Associates, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Palmas Restaurant of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Au Bon Pain
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3401 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal TC LLC - Privilege No. 1103519
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal TC LLC - Privilege No. 1103520
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal TC LLC - Privilege No. 1103521
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Canal TC LLC - Privilege No. 1103522
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlos M. Rosa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 731 S Plymouth Ct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Columbia College - 600 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marillac Social Center Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metra
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Penthouse Lofts Condominium 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Riverside Building, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 36033H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Church Of Deliverance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jordan Valley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 25) - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 35) - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 79th Kingstone Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freddies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Larson & Knafl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Dennis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kiddie Kare Pre School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fast Food El Mexicano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosmo Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Mexico Grocery 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bettys Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant Y Taqueria La Justicia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 16th & Pulaski Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Feed
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fraternal Order of Police Lodge No. 7 Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fogon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Elizabeth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guerrero's Tacos and Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hound Dog, Burger & Teriyaki Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewell Events Catering
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for May Street, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mutt Hutt , Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sip Coffeehouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Dokku
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ulta Beauty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5002
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andres Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christine Belpedios School of Dance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armando's Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Kitchen Center Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad & Son Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LSC of Hermosa LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Value Auto Mart Inc
Awning(s) for Players Sports and Social Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angela Mcmanigal 
Awning(s) for Steve Quick Jeweler
Awning(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Awning(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Awning(s) for Topper's Pizza
Awning(s) for Get Cash for Gold, Inc.
Awning(s) for Botanica
Awning(s) for Trend Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brent Peebles
Awning(s) for Amerimax Real Estate Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym
Awning(s) for Kid City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake View Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Awning(s) for Tropical Taste
Awning(s) for R U Hungry?
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Ayala
Canopy(s) for Allison's Infant & Toddler Center
Awning(s) for Belmont Medical and Dental Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arami Go!
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tito's Flowers and Gifts
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Hours Chicago Real Estate LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT and T Mobility-PCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Sub No. 2
Awning(s) for Grass Fed
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lock Up/Kedzie, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Canopy(s) for Pasteleria El Nuevo Mundo
Awning(s) for Dr. Stefan J. Pressling
Awning(s) for Scotch & Soda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tots Land
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pulaski Polish Deli & Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6778
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  New Vision Collision, Inc
Canopy(s) for Alvarez Funeral Directors, P.C.
Awning(s) for Bespoke Cuisine, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Traditioinal Karate Association
Canopy(s) for Conrad & Son Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mike Anderson Chevrolet of Chicago, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mather's More then a Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ay Ay Picante
Canopy(s) for Super Save Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cuenca's Family Haircut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KRK Insurance Solutions, Inc.
Awning(s) for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc. - Privilege No. 1098910
Canopy(s) for Active Electrical Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marie's Liquors Inc
Awning(s) for Enclave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc. - Privilege No. 1102891
Canopy(s) for Marie's Liquors Inc.
Awning(s) for Florisculpture, Inc.
Awning(s) for Harpo Studios, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Excalibur Chicago, Inc.
Awning(s) for Amber Food Mart, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rainbow Day Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garrett Popcorn Shops
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Harrison Hotel, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 645 W Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coleman's Barbeque LLC
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance David J. Frederickson
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 645 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8700 W Bryn Mawr Ave - 123 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Hotel Chicago - revolving door
Awning(s) for Chelsea Jones Shoes
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 430 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Samba - security camera
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 757 N Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for Supermercado El Tapatio
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irmco Properties and Management Corporation - Privilege No. 1076937
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irmco Properties & Management Corporation
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred Franz Korndorf
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flamingo Apartments, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1234 N Cleaver LLC - Privilege No. 1089261
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1234 N Cleaver LLC - Privilege No. 1089263
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 51st & Western Currency Exchange
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irmco Properties and Management Corporation - Privilege No. 1081397
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Firecakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 846 W Addison St
Awning(s) for Netty's Furniture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norman's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adams Delaware Owner LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles Etc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baume & Brix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turtles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condo Assn. - caissons
Awning(s) for Washington Morgan Building Corp.
Awning(s) for Durango Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns
Awning(s) for Planet Fitness
Awning(s) for Seven Stars Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matchbox, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condo Assn. - sheeting
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bucktown Dysfunctional Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bub City
Awning(s) for Bryn Mawr Dental Clinic
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Temple Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burrito Beach No. 8
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Awning(s) for Cafe Zipo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crumbs Bake Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Epic Burger, Inc.
Awning(s) for Christine Belpedios School of Dance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gino's East Pizzeria - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Latin Grocery & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gino's East Pizzeria - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havas Worldwide Chicago, Inc. - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Umbriago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bijan Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havas Worlwide Chicago, Inc. - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Chicago Magnificient Mile Suites
Awning(s) for Margie's Candies
Awning(s) for Blue Fin Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carmine's Clam House, Inc.
Awning(s) for City Olive
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hines 333 West Wacker Drive, LP
Awning(s) for Halo Salon For Men BT
Awning(s) for Lather on Roscoe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Awning(s) for Lyons Family Eye Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JRC 215 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julian Mickelson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Luna Grocery -  security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lanvin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WMS Gaming, Inc. - 2815 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WMS Gaming, Inc. - 3325 N California Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - manholes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luxbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ray Adkins Insurance Agency 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Sunday
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Ochoa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pearl Vision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marmot - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polish Store Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Erie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Linder Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hairline Creations, Inc.
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance, Ann M Nolan, Agent
Awning(s) for Smokey's BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bill's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meli Cafe on Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houlihan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kapatid Oriental Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub 51/Sub 51
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&J Liquor & Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Office Depot No. 568
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Colonial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dental Group, Inc.
Awning(s) for Clark Manor Convalescent Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Awning(s) for Eden Supportive Living
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old St Mary's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SEB Immibilien Investments GMBH
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condominium Association - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB 1224 Lofts Condiominium Associaiton -  utlitity piping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Well Future Pharmacy LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Maypole, LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 33726H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 South Wacker Property
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gospel Life Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sharks of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Stop Food & Liquor Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store No. 1568, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Hook Up/MetroPCS Authorized Dealer 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cove Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chaz Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perfect Touch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keis Food And Liquors, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keis Food and Liquors, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - electrical conduit ducts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Keis Food and Liquors, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Andrew Lutheran Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Autozone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Milagro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tio Luis Tacos Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for V.I.P. Real Estate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquete Mobile Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twin Arch, Inc. - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twin Arch, Inc. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Welding & Gas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O.K. Travel Agency Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5287
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gomez Enterprise
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Brisas Del Mar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pareja Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whipple Street, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 14th Ward Aldermanic Office 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4500 South Kolin LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile
Awning(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5195
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago/1155 Parking Lot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin Bank of Chicago- ABC Bank 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Almacenes Maria's and Durango Western Wear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Moda Fashion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Candiles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eurocenter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soap Opera Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double Li Chinese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gabriela Reyes
Awning(s) for Barba Yianni Taverna, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&F Investment Group LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LAO Hunan Chinese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Alamos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zero Degrees Karaoke Bar LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2229 S Halsted, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for De Cero
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragonfly Mandarin
Awning(s) for Chris' Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Elizabeth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gateway Auto Detail Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Oak Food & Liquor Inc.
Awning(s) for Chicago Holistic Medicine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SAE
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio Merchandise Inc. 
Awning(s) for Lattas Law Firm
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supercuts
Awning(s) for OK Consulating and Reading
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bethel New Life Child Development Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garcia & Zavalas Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for YOLO
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken No. 36
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercury Method, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 474 N Lake Shore Dr Condo Assn. - grease trap
Awning(s) for Williams Stoker Heating
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pivot Point Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Plank on Huron
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 5 W Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rayco Paint Company, Inc
Awning(s) for Zen Noodles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pratesi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resto Pinoy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 161 W Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RL
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SOS Technologies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nacional 27
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Entertainment, LCC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P J Clarke's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Parking Corp
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paris Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Casa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walton on the Park LLC - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 221 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 352 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walton on the Park LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yogurtland
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1-15 East Oak Street Owners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Clarence L. Burch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 West Wacker Partners LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 205 Chicago Partners LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 221 North LaSalle Partners LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 720 Franklin Associates LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RPM Italian
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scoozi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunny Side Up
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Canopy(s) for UST Prime 111 Hotel Owner LP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Station
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Burger Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pour House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bernie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houndstooth Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newport Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Renaldi's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park and Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Chicks, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B.D. Tailor Shop, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Center for Seniors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Car Care, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fin Sushi Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2188
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Shaughnessy's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sai Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Apparel 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Achitectural Revolution/Silver District
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Center on Halsted
Canopy(s) for 405 North Wabash LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crosby's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jersy Mike's Subs
Awning(s) for Burrito Beach No. 8
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigley Rooftops III
Awning(s) for Chick-Fil-A
Awning(s) for Elm Apartments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigley Rooftops III - privilege No. 1104217
Awning(s) for Epic Burger, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benard Zell Anshe Emet Day School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bottles and Cans LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essence of India
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakwood '83
Awning(s) for Fogo De Chao Churrascaria (Chicago) LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spaccanapoli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chestnut Row Homes LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Thai III
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northside Auto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taj Sari Palace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi, Inc. No. 62
Awning(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Awning(s) for Kwik Minimart
Awning(s) for Lock Up Storage, The
Awning(s) for Meli Cafe on Grand
Awning(s) for Powder Rock Glade LLC
Awning(s) for Rehabilitation of Chicago
Awning(s) for Tremont Hotel
Awning(s) for Smart Optical
Awning(s) for Spex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marmot - banners
Awning(s) for Super Discount Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - conduits
Awning(s) for Gap, Inc. Store 503, The
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Awning(s) for Very Best Cleaners
Awning(s) for Cafe Hoang
Awning(s) for Hua's Oriental Center Company
Awning(s) for Pilsen Community Pediatrics
Awning(s) for Cardinal Wine & Spirits
Awning(s) for Grand Katachi
Awning(s) for Hoevel & Associates
Awning(s) for Oakwood '83
Awning(s) for Over Easy Cafe
Awning(s) for Li'l Buds Theatre Company
Awning(s) for Pete's Pizza & Bakehouse
Awning(s) for Pho 777 Restaurant
Awning(s) for Sushi Thai III
Awning(s) for 1127 Granville LLC
Awning(s) for Howard Area Community Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J. Patrick's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M-C Restaurant
Awning(s) for Golden Thai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noire 57, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Internal Income, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A P Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aqua Clean Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Di Carol's Armanetti Liquors
Awning(s) for JIH West LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golden Chef Chinese Kitchen
Awning(s) for UMAI
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kimball Kwik Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foremost Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand BP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loretto Hospital 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Barrio Grocery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Luna Grocery - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Durango Pizzeria 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kim Long Restaurant
Awning(s) for 1250 S Michigan Commercial LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Muchacho Alegre
Awning(s) for Mather's More Than A Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safe & Sound Electronics, Inc.
Awning(s) for Perfect Touch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Somethin' Sweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steel Craft Products
Awning(s) for Mi Tierra-South
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Templeton Motor 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valve Auto Mart, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diag Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Gomez Enterprise
Awning(s) for Taqueria Jamay
Awning(s) for Alma's Child Day Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grisel Jr. Food & Liquors
Awning(s) for Fast Food El Mexicano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lindsay Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lush Handmade Cosmetics
Awning(s) for Oriental Chop Suey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Beans Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Cha Thai Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seaton Corporation
Awning(s) for La Moda Fashion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Springleaf Financial 
Awning(s) for Restaurante Y Taqueria La Justicia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for, Bistrol, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unique Concepts LLC
Awning(s) for La Azteca Paleteria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Mortgage Corp of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&C Food Market, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Double Li Chinese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for More Than Billing, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boundary, The
Awning(s) for Fat Lee Grocery Store
Canopy(s) for Smoke Daddy
Awning(s) for Lao Hunan Chinese Restaurant
Awning(s) for Pacific Furniture Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dominick's Finer Foods - Store No. 2775
Canopy(s) for 565 West Quincy Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Kut Zone Tonsorial Artist, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Mario's Butcher Shop Food Center
Canopy(s) for Polnet Communications Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Wishcraft
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Canopy(s) for Seasons 52
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's Market
Awning(s) for Kimball Kwik Mart
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8600 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2521 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3210 W Montrose Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 151 E Wacker Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 329 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 637 S Dearborn St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 400 S Jefferson St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1249-1251 W 63rd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2809 W 59th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5700 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2500 N Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1717 W 115th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7177 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8755 W Higgins Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6559 S Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 520 E 79th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 520 E 79th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6201 N McCormick Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golf Smith USA LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beyond Design, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunlay's on Clark
Awning(s) for Carnitas Don Rafa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 North State Street (Chicago) Owner LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 737 North Michigan Avenue Investors LLC - planters
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 156 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 223 W Washington St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Illinois St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 111 W Illinois St. -- south elevation
Awning(s) for Little Bunny No. 1 Frozen Yogurt LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1629 S Prairie Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1201 S Prairie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 S Calumet Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 345 N Central Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public House Theatre, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Backyard Grill
Awning(s) for Granados Supermercado
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acre/Ombra
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5759 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2868 N Broadway - 198 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5484 S Ellis Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2868 N Broadway - 188 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 712 E 87th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2274 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2405 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 800 N Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 355 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1329 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 551 N Ogden Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2915-2917 E 95th
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9059 S Commercial Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1634 e 87th St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 632 N Dearborn St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PLS Check Cashers-Kostner Diversey Currency Exchange, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fournette LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quartino
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mahoney's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maude's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's on Ontario
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nellcote & RM Champagne Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perez Mexican Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Iron Industries, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sayat Nova
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shaman by Chilam Balam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 123 N Jefferson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleep Number
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suite Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio Fit Chicago 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City K-9 Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 135 N Jefferson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Streeters Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for People Gas Light and Coke, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tropi Cuba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway 24453
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Town & Linen, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway 7709
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JC Licht-Epco 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoque BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Amigo Chino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern at the Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New World Van Lines, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavernita
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Kacheton
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tempo Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greensky - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gage, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greensky - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kerryman, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beat Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lucky, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Muller Meats
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cortland's Garage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JCF Real Esate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frasca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gallery Cafe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brinker International, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for George's Hot Dog
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hideout
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughans Pub - 5485 N Northwest Hwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place - 2132 W Roscoe St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Lakeview
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools - vaults 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place - 1200 - 1202 W Webster Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lottie's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando Milano Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nakamol Design 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coronas Coffee II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Water Park LLC. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seasons 52
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Seven Ten/Atlas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Restaurant Art
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sepia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Selmarie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Lizard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W Chicago Lakeshore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner 41 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volo Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1-15 East Oak Street Owners LLC. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cousins Restaurant, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fork
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avenue Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Ass Coffee of Hawaii
Canopy(s) for Odyssey Lofts Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boss Bar
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicole Harper - Privilege No. 1102182
Canopy(s) for Power Day Care Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brehon Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bub City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn. - catch basins
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicole Harper - Privilege No. 1102183
Canopy(s) for Polynesian Village
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butch McGuire's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn. - sewer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Q
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hudson Home
Canopy(s) for Bloomingdale's Homestore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - 291 E Ontario St
Canopy(s) for Roque Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons IV Condo Association - catch basins
Amendment of Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sine Qua Non IV Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Forman Realty Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 1023 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2835 North Clark LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - 8 E Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bridgeport Coffee Housing, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freddies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D4 Irish Pub & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Downtown Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Loop Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for English
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Henri LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LMD Group LLC, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Monaco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hubbard Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 166 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 1322 S Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Winery Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 190 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice - 20 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Odyssey Lofts Condominium Assn. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Grande Vie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 27 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sructured Development LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza - 121 N Clinton St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Aberdeen Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Cheval
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burton Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cobra Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Market Brassiere
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 35978H
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Off the Street Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin Bank of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barney's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mike Ditka's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Farmhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moe's Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glazed and Infused
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Automotive Repair, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hi Tech Auto Group, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Haymarket Brewing Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pippin's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prosecco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gio's Sports Bar 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Bayou
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coobah II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl - 4363 N Lincoln Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margies Candies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cozy Noodles & Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crosby's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostinos Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pitchfork Food & Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joys
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abbey Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Donovan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlays on the Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heavenly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sola Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl - 3601 N Southport Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spaccanapoli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiny
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kluck-U Chicken
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireside Pub, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Looseleaf Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Trullo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Huey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for E-Drop Off Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yin Dee Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lady Gregory's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paulines
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monsignor Murphy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mystic Celt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crew Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt Andersonville LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kopi, A Traveler's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Metropolis Coffee Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Annette's Italian Ice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Austrian Bakery & Deli, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tedino's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barn and Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Margot
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zanzabar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corcoran's Grill & Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redmond's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolucion Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glunz Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Punjabi Dhabha
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Burger Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hi-Tops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saugatuck Coffee Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam 'N Honey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pier 1 Imports (US) No. 023
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sluggers Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VM Lincoln Park 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xsport Fitness
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Social
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Byron's Kitchens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vic Theater, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pars Cove East
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artorium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Affinity Dental LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stella's Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salamander of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 565 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnolia Commons LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 959 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uncommon Ground
Sidewalk cafe(s) for River Shannon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughan's Pub - 2917 N Sheffield Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocco's LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wilde
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stanley's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wood
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swirlz Cupcakes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarascas International
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle, Rice and Bubble Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twin Anchors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wells on Wells
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tom's Comm. General Ladies Apparel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anixter Center
Awning(s) for Lola Event Productions LLC
Awning(s) for  Schwa
Awning(s) for Ukrainian Cooperative Agency
Awning(s) for Claretians, The
Awning(s) for Computer Services & Consulting
Awning(s) for La Cantina Grill
Awning(s) for Aint She Sweet Cafe
Awning(s) for Boston Market No. 825
Awning(s) for Fruteria Saucedo, Inc.
Awning(s) for Extreme Hair Design
Awning(s) for Del Real Bakery
Awning(s) for Chicago Drivng School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Furniture Mart Inc. 
Awning(s) for Safeway I C Management, Inc.
Awning(s) for Kam Fung Restaurant
Awning(s) for MM Giftland
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1200 Ashland LLC.
Awning(s) for CD-EB/EP Retail LLC
Awning(s) for Naked Maja, Inc.
Awning(s) for Benefit Cosmetics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commonwealth Edison
Awning(s) for Sal's Deli
Awning(s) for Kedzie & Wilson Food, Inc.
Awning(s) for Pablo Real Estate
Awning(s) for 3 Stars Auto Body & Muffler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology -  duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Illinois Institute of Technology - manhole
Awning(s) for Princess Hair Salon LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dusek's Board and Beer/Punch House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Illinois Institute of Technology - tunnel
Awning(s) for Tropi Cuba
Awning(s) for Konrad's Liquors
Awning(s) for Blooming Bud Daycare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arami Go!
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save-A-Lot No. 884
Awning(s) for Chicago Fondue Stube
Awning(s) for Greensky
Awning(s) for Black & White LLC
Awning(s) for XSport Fitness
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Bull
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Veja Enterprise LLC. - trees
Awning(s) for Yak Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Ale House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Veja Enterprise LLC - tree grates
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Easy Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for High Noon Saloon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ecuador Fashions
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Toma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J. Patrick's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janik's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jerry's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports on Michigan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mana Food Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirai Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Brown's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Fifty Fifth St.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta on Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for SmallBar Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoke Daddy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Takito Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express Food Mart 
Awning(s) for Lots of Love NFP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for County Fair Foods
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rafael Cruz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 35)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella! Bacino's
Canopy(s) for County Fair Foods
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southwest Signs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bennigan's No. 1426
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art Institute of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intergrity Chicago Auto Repair Express, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jos. Cacciatore Real Estate - occupation of space
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Frog Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kam Fung Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Chicago Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8500 S Holland Rd - Sign No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea
Awning(s) for Harold's Chicken No. 36
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Language Stars LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1464 W Webster Ave submitted by City USA LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison LaSalle Partners LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cafe, Inc.
Awning(s) for In Business Real Estate LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3912 N Cicero Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8550 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gibsons Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luxbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Pancake House, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patron's Hacienda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Pig, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Friends Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Wraps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop and Soda Fountain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Two East Erie Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1320 E 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 33 E Congress Pkwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 S Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10900 S Doty Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4840 N Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8659 S State St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 35 N State St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 35 N State St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 65 E Adams St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2323 W 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6018 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6032 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1601 S Stewart Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10900 S Doty Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 920 W Pershing Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CA III LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Pawners & Jewelers Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glazed and Infused
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soggy Paws, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park Veterinary Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Canopy(s) for New Parie Hotel
Canopy(s) for El Mundo Magico De O.T.
Canopy(s) for Gold Dust Coin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Boulvevard IIB, LLC- 3637 S State St - bay window(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Boulevard IIB, LLC - 3643 S State St - bay window(s)
Canopy(s) for Amertel Cellular, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Edwardo's Pizza
Canopy(s) for Ermenegildo Zegna, Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduits
Canopy(s) for New Water Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manholes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arby Realty & Builders
Awning(s) for Space and Views
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at American Airlines O'Hare International Airport Hangar - 156 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1601 S Stewart Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoony Wig, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raul Martinez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Anthony Hospital 
Canopy(s) for 111 West Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5550 S University Ave - sign
Canopy(s) for 57 West Grand LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5850 S Woodlawn Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1100 E. 56th St.
Canopy(s) for Aldi, Inc. No. 62
Canopy(s) for Villa Palermo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 830-900 E. 58th St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 950 E. 58th St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1212 E. 59th St.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1414 E. 59th St. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 930 E. 60th St. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Key Foods Co. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joshua Mercer Insurance Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alliance Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 140 S Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash 4 Gold
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antique Taco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Islas Marias
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bangers & Lace
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dave's Red Hot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EM Iron Works Corp. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Gelato
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EuroFurniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gardner School, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bolero
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goddess River North, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Pour
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 819 N Rush St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Odyssey Lofts Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Mango
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain - 161 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S.N. Peck Builder, Inc. - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Park Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Updown Tobacco Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain - 122 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milk & Honey Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avec
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O&W Enterprises
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa Jin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop III
Awning(s) for Twisted Lizard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 188 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wiklanski's Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 175 W Jackson Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General Store No. 13777
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 56 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K&J International, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 547 W Jackson Blvd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woofers Electronics, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dreaming Tree Films
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 35 E Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devon Seafood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaleski & Horvath Marketcafe, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins Togo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bravette's
Awning(s) for Dollar Plus, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 424
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 1459 W Taylor St
Awning(s) for Jimenez Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacardi at the Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant - 185 N Wabash Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franco's Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant - 160 E Huron St
Awning(s) for Briciola
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kathy De's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irmco Properties & Management Corporation
Awning(s) for Emerald City Theatre
Awning(s) for Little Green Tree House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Canopy(s) for Michael Anthony Salon Spa Belmont
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delgado's Mufflers & Brakes, Inc.
Awning(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Friends Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Loop Club, Inc.
Awning(s) for Frutyland
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Valentina Restaurant
Awning(s) for Logan Square Nail Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria - 160-164 E Superior St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria - 633 N Wells St
Awning(s) for Arezzo Jewelers, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's On Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2234
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GT Fish & Oysters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Conte Di Savoia, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamarind
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hannahs Bretzel 180 W Washington LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for IL Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wabash Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash House A Go Go
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam House, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taylor Funeral Home Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zapatista
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Belly Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Simone's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prasino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Mango
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimenez Restaurant Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Square Aluminum Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spin Cycle Laundries 127
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diag Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diptyque
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Discount Mattress
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roots Handmade Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull & Bear
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silom12
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 2 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beer Bistro, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 20 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swig
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffecafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beggar's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Goat Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lago
Awning(s) for Alliance Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Tavern Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 676 N St. Clair St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Awning(s) for Glazed and Infused
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 1121 N State St
Awning(s) for Panera Bread No. 1152
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eleven City Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 224 S Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven No. 33726H
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 120 S LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Awning(s) for Blake Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enso Sushi & Bar 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Anthony Salon Spa North 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bionda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Illinois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MRR 1819 W Belmont LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hackney's Printers' Row
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's Hyde Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kroll's South Loop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Capri
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sit Down, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cantina Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Squared Circle, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Transmission Speicalists
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VIP Chinese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 360 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 542 S Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Illinois Univesity El Centro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ina's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's on Green
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders LLC - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nini's Groceries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Awning(s) for Reuter's Bakery, LLC
Awning(s) for Wiklanski's Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Porkchop
Awning(s) for Caring Dental Smiles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican Quality Meats
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Dokku
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Viaggio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brindille 
Awning(s) for K&J International, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Fabric Sales Co. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincenzo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floyd's Pub
Awning(s) for Gold Glass & Mirror Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chick-Fil-A
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant
Awning(s) for Forever XXI
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joe's Wine Cellar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Awning(s) for Vera Wang Fashion Rush LLC - 25 E Oak St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ermenegildo Zegna Corp. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Merit Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letiza's Natural Bakery/Enoteca Roma
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Palomar - caisson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Howl at the Moon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monkey's Paw, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Palomar - sheetings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange on Roscoe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.H. Thompson House LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Local, The
Awning(s) for Vera Wang Fashion Rush LLC - 945 N Rush St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Cooked, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Roscoe Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobili Mobel, Ltd. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Osteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinzie St Chop House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MP Catalyst LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lizzie McNeill's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Municipal Bar and Dining Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S&G Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Local, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milenorth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. -  light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morton's Steakhouse-Wacker Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 225
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bobtail Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 279
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chez Moi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geo. Nottoli & Son, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee No. 708
Awning(s) for Pearl's Fashion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for G N P H No. Nine, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2545
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crossroads Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McNamara's Food & Drinks 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cesar's on Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delightful Pastries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Blarney Stone
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Mac's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 15683
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gemini Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel-Ami Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glascott's Groggery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Casa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Fresh Corner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Philosophy, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Taiyo / Izakaya Hapa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table Fifty-Two
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TGI Friday's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiparos Thai Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni Patisserie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for UB Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Isle On Peterson
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Underground Wonder Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Egg Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies on Wells, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 312 Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shine Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 437 Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks No. 272
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Mercado Food Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flub A Dub Chub's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornello Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frog N Snail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Diggity Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Icebox
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sully's House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarantino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Pizzeria Roma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matilda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vapiano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny Brown Bag
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melanthios
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mini Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Tree Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo of Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hops and Barley
Awning(s) for Thaiday Chicago, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rise Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bojono's Pizzeria / Healthy Kids Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Finley Mahony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Mananitas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigley BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tango Sur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vops LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wheel House Wrigleyville, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranallis
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Taste Of Heaven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burke's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angel Food Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Apple, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ethiopian Diamond Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Cat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brownstone Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitchen Sink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Cafe & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Copper House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence of India
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Garcia's, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glenn's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hacienda La Amistad
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sierra Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 16 W Randolph St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mayne Stage/Act One Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melao Latin Cuisine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Lincoln Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11751
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sticky Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yogurt Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 42 N Latitude
Awning(s) for Marie's Cafe & Catering
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East Plaza LLC - grease basins
Awning(s) for Halsted's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siboney Cuban Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Niu
Awning(s) for Audio Advantage Aids
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silver Cloud
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East Plaza LLC - sewer main
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 222
Awning(s) for Care-A-Lot, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East Plaza LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tesori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Awning(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Awning(s) for Zea Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bareburger - door swing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Callaghan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Off The Tracks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Two Riverside Plaza JV LP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floriole Bakery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 57 West Grand LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Par Bar & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 35 W Wacker Venture LP - grease separator
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 35 W Wacker Venture LP - manhole
Awning(s) for Rockwell Partners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Awning(s) for Sticky Rice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plum Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pei Wei Asian Diner
Awning(s) for Sophie's Closet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reza's Grill LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Bucharest Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pepper Canister, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 16696
Awning(s) for Soggy Paws, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Havana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta Express
Awning(s) for Sheridan Chase Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Wine & Liquors
Canopy(s) for Lofts at Museum Park Condominium Association, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Alps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Coast Tickets 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sopranos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes/Gold Coast Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zizi's Kabobs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wicker Basket Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1022 W Belmont
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8954
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pops For Champagne
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Babes on Milwaukee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 190 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayfair Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alaska Paleteria Y Neveria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwest Video Games
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warren P Fabisch
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 1 N LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palla's Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Sunday
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 508 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havana Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sherwin Packer - cornice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Rice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sherwin Packer - 5301-5309 N Winthrop Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 277 E Ontario St
Awning(s) for Uncle Bob's Self Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Attic, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cally's Curls and Company 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 209 S La Salle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoanh Long Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Longman & Eagle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 545 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abram Gale
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 57 E Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 200 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pret A Manger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Adobo Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siena Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Prague
Awning(s) for Good News Community Kitchen
Awning(s) for Fullerton Parkway Towers LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for DeClan's Irish Pub at 1240 N Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwins Cholocates & Fudge 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Masa Azul
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wormhole, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthem, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buffalo Wings and Rings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Charmers Cafe/The Dagel and Beli Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gruppo Di Amici
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Samba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vernon Park Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congress Hotel, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2335
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 206
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 1120 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 805 S State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 439 N Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffe Company, Inc.  
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cullen's Bar & Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4730 N Kimball Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1401 W Lake St
Awning(s) for Viet Bowl-Hing Wang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acceptance Insurance
Awning(s) for Rosa's Supermercado
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2145 W Grand Ave
Awning(s) for El Nuevo Guadalajara, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Lakeside Lofts Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Acre Development LLC
Canopy(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Canopy(s) for La Fiesta Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Lawndale Christian Health Center
Canopy(s) for Chicago America Real Estate LLC
Canopy(s) for Kabocha
Canopy(s) for Lucky Star Plus
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Avenue Limited Partnership
Canopy(s) for Sephora
Canopy(s) for Hiromi's Oriental Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Leadbelly
Canopy(s) for Tom Mastros
Canopy(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Canopy(s) for Exhale Enterprises V, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Ra Sushi
Canopy(s) for Lion Head Pub/The Apartment
Canopy(s) for Fitness Formula Clubs-Halsted Street
Awning(s) for Fernandez Insurance Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for John's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Seadog Sushi Bar
Awning(s) for Unibody Auto Collision Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Awning(s) for Studio 31
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Heritage Fireplace
Awning(s) for B Bella Salon
Awning(s) for Dollar Castle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Furniture Mart, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century Plating
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Village Dental Care
Awning(s) for Robert Morris College
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GX Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kids Table, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lomographic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09000
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1508 W Chestnut LLC - Fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1508 W Chestnut LLC - staircase
Awning(s) for Barclay Condo Homeowners Assn.
Awning(s) for Johnny B. Johnson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  One Congress Center LP - clocks
Awning(s) for Young Achievers Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Congress Center LP - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Congress Center LP -  vaults
Awning(s) for WKRB Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Awning(s) for Chicago Foot & Ankle Specialists
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Illinois LLC
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2845
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jersey Mike's Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside Lofts Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercy Hospital & Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Congress Center LP - building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush University Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 319-321 Jefferson Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameri-Mex Insurance Agency
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Bar Black Sheep
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prairie District Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Institute of Technology 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ziad Certified Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1103731
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 1103730
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - 1104878
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - 1105070
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) -  1104875
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barba Yianni Grecian Taverna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - 1104877
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) -  1104876
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) -  vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The- 1104314
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - 1105421
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - 1105025
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bookcellar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Colletti's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - 1105027
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patton Motor Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - 1105029
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Browntrout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laschet's Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Machu Picchu Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Beetle Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mediterranean Grill & Cuisine
Awning(s) for Cermak Produce No. 4
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piggery, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Awning(s) for Damato Bakery No. 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolver
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carriage House
Awning(s) for Fulton Elizabeth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WKRB Food & Liquor 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cornerstone Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar General
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delish Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Innjoy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join the Movement
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport and Irving
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S.H. Bell Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mac's American Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holabird & Root
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troquet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nori Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kelly's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Picante Taqueria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pint
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reach Higher Learning
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save A Lot Food Store
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza-Metro
Awning(s) for Sunkiss Spa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Broadway Cellars
Awning(s) for Advanced Auto Body, Inc. - 2531 N Cicero Ave
Awning(s) for Advanced Auto Body, Inc. - 2541 N Cicero Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amarit Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caravan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mas Alla Del Sol
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pete's Pizza & Bakehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Thai III
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for That Little Mexican Cafe II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starfruit Cafe
Awning(s) for Kim Long Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tecalitlan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Cow, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Savoy, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tumans
Awning(s) for Concept Laboratories
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chuckie's
Awning(s) for Grand Appliance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill Inn
Awning(s) for National Runaway Switchboard
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Growling Rabbit a Cafe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quilters Trunk LLC, The
Awning(s) for Pepe's No. 2 Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Scooter's Frozen Custard LLC
Awning(s) for Soundz Good, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Select
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sheesh Mahal Dhaba, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Veneto
Awning(s) for Universal Sole
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe
Awning(s) for Universal Sole
Awning(s) for Chicago Ave Foods
Awning(s) for Dunleavy Construction Co.
Awning(s) for Lake View Art Supply
Awning(s) for Rosa's Unisex
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe - 1150 S Wabash Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi & Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arturo Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bountiful Eatery, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackstone Hotel
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 830 N Michigan Ave
Awning(s) for Active Pet, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's
Awning(s) for Chicago Marc Jacobs Collection
Awning(s) for Mather's More Than A Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07250
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1900 N Narragansett Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1520 W Pershing Rd (100484579)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1520 W Pershing Rd (100484580)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1840 N Clybourn Ave
Awning(s) for Bryn Mawr Care, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2163 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 S Canal St - 144 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 S Canal St - 168 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 S Canal St - 135 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1711 W Cermak Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 329 W 18th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 329 W 18th St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2401 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1401 W Lake St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2616 N Milwaukee Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4047 E 106th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3009 E 92nd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2059 S Canal St - 1,200 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2059 S Canal St - 600 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2059 S Canal St - 1,500 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Rourke's Office
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 5169
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Homeslyce Wheel House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tapas Valancia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Aid Comics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lucky's Sandwich Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwin's Chocolates & Fudge Ice Cream Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motoworks Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mama Milano
Awning(s) for Nail Palette, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quiznos Subs No. 14577
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Regents Cup Coffee House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tuscany Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marge's Still
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria El Potrillo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xpert Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perennial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cermak Produce No. 4
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riccardo Enoteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1500-1504 West Ohio Condominium Association - balconies
Awning(s) for Dance Center Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  1500-1504 West Ohio Condominium Association -bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Au Cheval
Awning(s) for Duke Animal Hospital, Inc.
Awning(s) for Melao Latin Cuisine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Awning(s) for Motiv Personal Training
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Solazo
Awning(s) for Sarah Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scadron Outdoor Advertising LLC - Privilege No. 1105476
Awning(s) for Chicago Filmmakers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Scadron Outdoor Advertising LLC - Privilege No. 1105474
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 933
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Scadron Outdoor Advertising LLC - Privilege No. 1105475
Awning(s) for Magnum Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese Yum Yum
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Climax-Parliament
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damato Bakery No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragonfly Mandarin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Duran European Sandwiches Cafe
Awning(s) for Rio Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Efengee Electrical Supply 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery on Lake
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greater Little Rock the Lord's Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park One
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1455 W Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bareburger - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lotus Cafe & Banh Mi Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bullhead Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro by the Pier, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Colao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6618
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ermenegildo Zegna Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sinai Health System
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunny-Submarine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Guerrero's Tacos and Pizza 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Exhale Enterprises V, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join the Movement
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primecare Community Health
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advanced Auto Body Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for De Cero
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Absinthe Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baume & Brix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dragonfly Mandarin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel 50
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Furaibo Japanese Restaurant & Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireplace Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boarding House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Star Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citizens Law Group Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brett's Kitchen, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Girl & the Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cantina 46
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess River North, The
Awning(s) for Loyola University of Chicago
Canopy(s) for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3393
Awning(s) for Pockets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brazilian Bowl, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brasserie by LM
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Awning(s) for Dennis Bartolomei
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stonewater One North State Funding LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buddy Guy's Legends
Awning(s) for Forever XXI
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cactus Bar & Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United Neighborhood Organization of Chicago
Awning(s) for UPS Store No. 2096, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melrose Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chef Luciano
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Better West Car Repair
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Cares
Awning(s) for Body N Brain Clark Dahn Yoga, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago DQ Grill & Chill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Awning(s) for Shop 857
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenneth Fils
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5719
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ping Pong
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sensational Bites, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troy Mediterranean Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twist a Tapas Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epples Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wakamono
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windy City Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gioco
Awning(s) for Computerzone USA
Awning(s) for Jin Cafe

Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kasey's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nesh Mediterranean Grill
Awning(s) for Rainbow Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Neil's on Wells
Awning(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Filonek's
Awning(s) for White Birch Trading Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 1004
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta D'Arte
Awning(s) for 5411 Empanadas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panozzo's Italian Specialties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paola's Vinum
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Poag Mahone's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Coast
Awning(s) for My Fit Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tutto Italiano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar on Buena, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dollop Coffee and Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 175 Sopraffina Market Caffe LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AV Anthony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake's Pup in the Ruf, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carquest Auto Parts No. 2777
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Ranchito Food Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance Agent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lily
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Avenue Tattoo & Body Piercing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reservoir
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J-Bees 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LJ Herro CDPC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Currency Exchange 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Images Barber Hair Designers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobil Gas Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Smiles Family Dental Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fizz Bar & Grill 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grange Hall Burger Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lucky's Sandwhich Co. Wicker Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaipur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for David Burke's Primehouse 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S&G Grill - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S&G Grill - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Goat Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paciugo Roscoe Village
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macello Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Embeya
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Serio Company 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Next Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sephora 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nia
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nohea Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC - Privilege No. 1104643
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Expression Lavazza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  KFC - Privilege No. 1104651
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Passion Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Santorini
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  KFC - Privilege No. 1104645
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast & The Goddess Gold Coast
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Town Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  KFC - Privilege No. 1104650
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armand's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Azucar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&J Wilkow, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria La Mejor Produce, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madewell, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel - Privilege No. 1105581
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Albany Food & Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McFadden's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Napleton's Aston Martin of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Oak Joint Venture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One North Dearborn Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tots Land
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Art of Chicken, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join the Movement
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inter Auto Glass
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One North Dearborn Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ezpawn Illinois 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi and Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Active Electrical Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel - Privilege No. 1105582
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buena Telecom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ra Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Janet Rasho
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butcher & The Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.J. Styles, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Havana Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anteprima - park benches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Feast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anteprima - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hendrikx Belgian Bread Crafter
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newleaf Natural Grocery Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for LM Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa John's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RPM Italian
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ipsento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Magnolia Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Place Condominium Association - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Entertainment LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mastro's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McFadden's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zed 451
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Med Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paladino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercer 113
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 North Canal LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pat's Pizzaria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 850 Investors LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Que Rico Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sal's Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess & Grocer, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turquoise Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MM.Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Play Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia 639 W Divsery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Medal Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia 639 W Diversey LLC - 2744 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Fit Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Body N Brain Clark Dahn Yoga, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Submarine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Insomnia Cookies 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pelago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 619 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunnyside Commons LLC - Permit No. 1105454
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunnyside Commons LLC - Permit No. 1105455
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sutherland's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ra Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunnyside Commons LLC - Permit No. 1105456
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 16696
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Robust Coffee Lounge LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub's Gyros II, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xong Xong Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calo Lounge, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shamrock Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Summer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slurping Turtle Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U'N Joy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luzzat Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2510
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Studio, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Touche
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No.18013
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taco Burrito King
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria Super Burrito
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wit, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gap, Inc. Store 503, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 25 Degrees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Cleaner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irish Oak, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Creperie, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pick Me Up Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Postal Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apartment People Ltd., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bountiful Eatery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Discount Mattress
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vinci
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitness 19
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VM Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flaco's Tacos 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wish Baby Registry and Gifts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Belmont
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yogurtland Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irish Oak, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2262 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Last Bay Beer Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milt's BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Modern Dental on Sheffield
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainbow Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vegetarian Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vu Sua
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cusp Dental Studio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buona Terra Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2664 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Con Leche D' Noche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motiv Personal Training
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Boulangerie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lula Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Wave Coffee LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reno
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scofflaw
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2708 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 667 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lush Handmade Cosmetics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Michigan LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - Permit No. 1108570
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico of West Loop LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffe Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwin's Chocolates and Fudge Ice Cream Shop 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGee's Tavern and Grille 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 550 N St. Clair St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1900 N Narragansett Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6107 N Broadway - 117 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6107 N Broadway - 159 sq. ft. 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6107 N Broadway - 103.5 sq. ft. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Don Fresco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pho Nam Lua
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3600 N Talman Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cityfront Hotel Assoc. Limited Partnership
Canopy(s) for 1650 - 1654 W. Division LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Festa Pizzeria, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cafe Bolero
Awning(s) for Fame Cleaners
Awning(s) for Forever Young
Awning(s) for Maria Teresa Unisex Hairstyle
Awning(s) for Tommy's Guitars
Awning(s) for Elite Physical Therapy
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Siena Tavern
Awning(s) for Harrison Street Lofts Condo
Awning(s) for Patio Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - security photo
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - security cameras
Awning(s) for Billy's Gyros
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uberstein
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crocodile, The
Awning(s) for Big Furniture Liquidators, Inc.
Awning(s) for Bellas Fuentez
Awning(s) for Love Learning Center/Daycare, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Falafel & Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gaudi Coffee & Grill
Awning(s) for El Sinaloense
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safe & Sound Electronics, Inc.
Awning(s) for Feras Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Mi Linda Hacienda, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oiistar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caffe Streets, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Mango
Awning(s) for Rachel's Learning Centers Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Restaurant, Veneno De Nayarit
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formlina, Inc. - Permit No. 1098011
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shokolad Pastry & Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - irrigation system
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Busy Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - raised crosswalk
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fontanella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - occupation of space
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky's Sandwich Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Breakfast House Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Continental Lounge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Latin American Restaurant & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double R Food & Liquor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magnum Insurance/Agency Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fei Qun Zhang
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cuisine on Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Hot Dogs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Karlov
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1200
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fogon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labor Ready Midwest, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geb
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radio Shack No. 6516
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrown on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kamehachi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for E-Wood Pantry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pete's Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sirena Clandestina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Canine Choppers, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thalia Spice Asian Fusion Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maria Needle Craft 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinnies Sub Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Emerald City Theatre
Awning(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standard Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tocco Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formlina, Inc. - Permit No. 1098384
Awning(s) for Kam Fung Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Asian Outpost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silver Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rado Vidakovic
Awning(s) for Nutri Medicos LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison St
Awning(s) for Pia Marconi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Holiday Management LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Bella Notte
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artist's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fontano Subs
Awning(s) for Gardner School, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornetto-Mei on Grant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CA III LLC - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice
Awning(s) for Jaipur
Awning(s) for Kai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CA III LLC - tree grates
Awning(s) for Kanela II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Congress Plaza Hotel - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitty O'Shea's Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Congress Plaza Hotel - beam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kurah
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Congress Plaza Hotel - fire escapes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Fifth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Student Housing LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 300 East 51st LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LA Tan
Awning(s) for Adam's Barber Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2154
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miller Pizza Co.
Awning(s) for Ingram Jewelers & Pawner, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scout, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third Rail Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Umai
Awning(s) for Joyful Noise Christian Day Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waffles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55 LLC - 1603 E 55th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55 LLC - 1601 E 55th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55 LLC - 1605 E 55th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55 LLC - 1607 E 55th St
Awning(s) for Diversey Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cornell 55 LLC -1609 E 55th St
Awning(s) for Kidslife Daycare Center, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for L26
Awning(s) for Magnum Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Prado LLC, The - 1703 E53rd St
Awning(s) for Briciola
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potsticker House, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No. 2
Awning(s) for Country Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Prado LLC, The - 1701-1711 E 53rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join the Movement
Awning(s) for Helios Center for Movement
Awning(s) for D'Candela
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mambo Cafe
Awning(s) for Aby's Unisex Salon
Awning(s) for Community Family Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Oaks Properties Group - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Plate on Southport
Awning(s) for Magnum Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Augie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Oaks Properties Group - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flour and Water
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lillie's Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New England Seafood Co. Fish Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patsy's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofra Turkish Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brisku Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Township
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar & Drapery Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Flour Bake Shop & Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 26th Spaulding Street Partnership LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sandy's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jaime Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Cermak-Kedzie Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria Maribel, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CA III LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rushim Bains - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rushim Bains - fence
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Italia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vernon Park Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Second Time Around
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-ABC 24 Hr. Locksmith, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Duck, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ESP Tax Service
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3426
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jaipur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bella Notte
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burger Baron
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corepower Yoga
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frances' Restaurant & Deli, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ja' Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ringo
Awning(s) for Ala Carte Entertainment Ltd. Partnership - No. 1104192
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1200 Madison Racine LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salpicon
Awning(s) for Ala Carte Entertainment Ltd. Partnership - No. 1104193
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sakoutis Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 123 Sangamon Venture Partners LLC
Awning(s) for Ala Carte Entertainment Ltd. Partnership - No. 1104195
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peter Gonzalez
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthony's
Awning(s) for Bistronomic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Personal Liquors, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Green Signs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beezzee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hong Kong Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Tola
Awning(s) for LaSalle Bank Trust No. A7701099274
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lim's Pantry Food & Liquor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Awning(s) for Macerich Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Ohio
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Washington
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leonidas Cafe Chocolaterie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Merlo on Maple
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mezcalina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for My Thai - Takumi Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naha Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Leary's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Omni Chicago Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2621
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2646
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2723
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoothies n' Such LLC
Canopy(s) for Absolute Garage Builders
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 51581
Canopy(s) for KFC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tea Room
Sidewalk cafe(s) for W Chicago City Center
Canopy(s) for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zocalo
Canopy(s) for Macerich Management
Canopy(s) for 180 North Jefferson PT LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Junkie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ala Carte Entertainment Ltd.
Canopy(s) for 230 East Delaware Place Condo Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CH Distillery
Canopy(s) for 1000 Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitplex - sign
Canopy(s) for Laschet's Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitplex - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friends Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for House of Kahn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Habitat Company, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havana Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - kiosks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Line/Wafel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salesforce.com, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paris Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Fresco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wil-Car Clark Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - earth retention system(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reform Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Assoc., LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 60 East Lake LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 747 Clark LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pittsfield Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Titled Kilt Pub & Eatery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coronas Coffee II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jai Yen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Awning(s) for MB Financial Bank N.A.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jitlada Thai House Restaurant
Awning(s) for Tracey's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Denden Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taverna 750
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waffles
Awning(s) for Serena Restaurant
Awning(s) for Youmax Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garcia's, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A. J. Hudson's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royal Flesh Tattoo and Body Piercing
Canopy(s) for Adolph Salgado
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bavarian Chop Haus, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5056 Winchester LLC
Canopy(s) for Margaret's Filling Station
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Cheese on Lincoln, The
Canopy(s) for ABC Pagers Cellular
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 03321
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kiet Huynh 
Canopy(s) for Performance Auto Body Center, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bowmans
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Denden Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sol Cafe 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Classic Jewelry and Boutique
Canopy(s) for Parc Chestnut Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ch'Ava Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dolce Casa Cafe
Canopy(s) for Pete's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gannon's Pub
Canopy(s) for B.C. Enterprises
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Monelli Trattoria Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bocca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Bryn Mawr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jin Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lao Sze Chuan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Corner Snack Shop, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morsel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Towbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 63 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishing Cat, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hill Country Smokehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadbelly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. G's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Joint
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burrito Beach No. 8
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Canopy(s) for Lugano's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Dounuts/Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fox & Obel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction-Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Awning(s) for Robust Coffee Lounge LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Town
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 1332
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kirkwood Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation - sheetings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Gondola Cucina Italiana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mediterranean Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laundry on Pulaski
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael Diversey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Auto Group
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milt's BBQ
Awning(s) for Deli Boutique, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Oskin and Yana Oskin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Pig Asian Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Socca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gro Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zad
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laudi Vidni
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soundz Good, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zizi's Kabobs
Awning(s) for Unleashed LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Temple Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toast
Awning(s) for Sherry's Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chica's Clothing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC - foundation support
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Imani Children's Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Tavern & Liquors 
Awning(s) for El Nuevo Mexicano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Famsa, Inc. 
Awning(s) for H. A. Lanager & Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Play Room, The
Awning(s) for Nirvana Nail Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sutherland's
Awning(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Awning(s) for Zelaz Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apollo Theater Studio
Awning(s) for Coronas Coffee II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bacino's of Lincoln Park, Ltd
Awning(s) for Royal Flesh Tattoo and Body Piercing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dairy Queen Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lester & Rosalie Anixter Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tarascas International 
Awning(s) for Sung Nam Lee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Addison Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacci Cafe and Pizzeria on Milwaukee Ave, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sweet Connection Bakery
Awning(s) for Fit-Results
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Consolidated Visioin Group, Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jet's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panes Bread Cafe 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mom's Old Recipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rasmos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vaughan's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ruk Sushi and Thai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 10224
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foley's Bar & Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5469 W North Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5366 N Northwest Hwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5366 N Northwest Hwy - 250 sq.ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5366 N Northwest Hwy - 261 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3336 1/2 W Lawrence Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4995 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3407 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4243 W North Ave, 1st fl.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2650 E 95th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3530 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2002 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 666 W Diversey Pkwy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3120 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 66 W Illinois St - 258 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 60 W Illinois St
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 07267
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 66 W Illinois St - 22 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 515 N Clark St - 86 Sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 515 N Clark St - 81 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2145 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1300 S Kostner Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3251 E 92nd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2845 N Sheridan Rd - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2323 W 47th St - amend
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Park Stadium Bar and Grill 
Canopy(s) for Sylvia & Mike's Family Hair Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine and Pizzeria, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Galvin's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas
Awning(s) for Windsor, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carriage House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoothies n' Such LLC
Canopy(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - 5025 N Clark St (submitted by David Williams)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - 1062 W Chicago Ave (submitted by David Williams)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - 4351 N Elston Ave (submitted by David Williams)
Canopy(s) for Wells Street Companies (submitted by Arthur Holmer)
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 10424
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Avenue Pain and Rehabilitation Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Tokyo
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 825 N Christiana Ave - south elevation
Awning(s) for Charles Cathey, Jr. Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 233 S Wacker LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kasey's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loft Development Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5711 S Drexel Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 915-919 E 57th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - 5646-5648 S Drexel Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paris Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy's Gyros
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber of  Commerce - 7906 S Crandon Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. -2632 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fabricare Super Laundromat 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J-Bees Casual & Sportswear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance - 974 W 35th Pl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 426
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Treasures Depot, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic & Therapeutic Institute of Midway, LLC - 5616 W 63rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Airport Auto Rebuilders Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Cazuelas Grill Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Special Celebrations
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Currency Exchange 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fuente
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Nueva III
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jay's Beef of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ask Nagel Realty - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ask Nagel Realty - park benches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chris' Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paladar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Lagoon Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Lagoon Restaurant - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DHK Development Corporation - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DHK Development Corporation - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavanderia El Sol
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1544
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army, The
Canopy(s) for Caganchos
Canopy(s) for Elevenzees
Canopy(s) for Congress Plaza Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hallberg - Valek Agency, Ltd. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Xavier University
Canopy(s) for West Loop Assoc. LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milk and Honey Cafe
Canopy(s) for Wine Discount Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mexique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4025 N Sheridan Rd
Canopy(s) for Andante Hair Studio
Canopy(s) for Taqueria La Fiesta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oggi Trattoria & Caffe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4033 N Broadway
Awning(s) for 33 West Jackson Condo Assn., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pinkberry-Wells St
Awning(s) for Cain's Barber College, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swim Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tasting Room, The
Awning(s) for Jordan Valley
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Star Bistro & Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4000 N Sheridan Rd
Awning(s) for John's Corner Store
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. G's Beef
Awning(s) for Keisha Love Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4001 N Sheridan Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amato's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4006 N Sheridan Rd
Awning(s) for Looking Good Hand Car Wash, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4022 N Sheridan Rd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pink Krokodile Cafe
Awning(s) for Restaurant Dona Ana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4027 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4028 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicken Works and Salad Co.
Awning(s) for Restaunte Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4003 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Korona Lounge, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4040 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4070 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Ada S McKinley Intervention Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4071 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Benny's Mens Wear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4085 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Headhunter B&B
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4091 N Broadway
Awning(s) for J&J Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4092 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid Way Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4101 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Bronzeville LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4110 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Little Kids Village Learning
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4116 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4117 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Sheep Beer Garden
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4134 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bow Truss
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4135 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4146 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4147 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dolce Gelato
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4201 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4215 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Bonciel Washington DDS PC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4224 N Broadway
Awning(s) for Let's Get Poppin, Inc.
Awning(s) for V-Land Chicago 95th LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oh Fusion Thai & Sushi Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4233 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4236 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tac Quick
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4267 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yango's Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4301 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4326 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alfred Kr, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4331 N Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City News
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4355 N Sheridan Rd
Canopy(s) for Studios, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Islas Marias
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Canine Choppers, Inc. 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio Merchandise, Inc. - Permit No. 1102830
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Modern Asian Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Area Planning Association -1825 - 1833 W 103rd St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paradise Cantina
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio Merchandise, Inc. - Permit No. 1104111
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zizii's Kabobs - Permit No. 1101563
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101299
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Area Planning Association - 1908 - 1912 W 103rd St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 4 Suyos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Area Planning Association - planters - 1903-1917 W 63rd St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101319
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101311
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Option Room, The
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101315
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leslie Shankman School Corporation 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pockets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - steam tunnels
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101316
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofi LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Pemit No 1101313
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for White Oaks Properties Group 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe/Wabash Development LLC - Permit No. 1101314
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonne Sante Health Foods, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 16th & Pulaski Currency Exchange 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nat's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Umbriago - Permit No. 1101608
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&D Food Market Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daily Food & Liquor, Inc. - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Eatt - Permit No.1091305
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daily Food & Liquor Inc. - Security
camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tropical Meat Co. 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Umbriago - Permit No. 1104250
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Catedral Cafe & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kohan Japanese Restaurant 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Canopy(s) for Edward Fashion Unlimited
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - Permit No. 1094678
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panaderia Nuevo Leon
Canopy(s) for Tropical Meat Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fard One Incorporated
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - Permit No. 1098635
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R G Lee Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese American Service League, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - Permit No. 1093130
Awning(s) for California Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1316 W 18th St LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moe's Cantina - Permit No. 1099125
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Diamond Properties Group LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Eatt - Permit No. 1091311
Sidewalk cafe(s) for East Coast Pantry Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Eatt - Permit No. 1094710
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Eatt - Permit No. 1091306
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arista Foods
Awning(s) for Cavanaugh's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Voltaire
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Juicy Wine Co., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kai Sushi
Canopy(s) for Arkadia Apartments LLC
Canopy(s) for 1052 Fulton LLC C/o Morlen Sinoway
Canopy(s) for BFS Retail & Commercial Operations LLC
Canopy(s) for Tony's Finer Foods Enterprises, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cavitos Liquors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi Ba Get - 3548 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C2 Education
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The
Awning(s) for Subway 24453
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sabrina Sub
Awning(s) for Subway 7709
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clargran LLC - 60 W Illinois St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dave & Buster's
Awning(s) for Wolford Boutiques LLC
Awning(s) for 40 E Oak Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage
Awning(s) for Superior Management - 5551-5555 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clargran LLC - 515 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ay Chiwowa
Awning(s) for 220 East Walton Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chase Bank
Awning(s) for Pizano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petco
Awning(s) for Superior Management, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 212 W Washington Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taxi Town - sign
Awning(s) for Twin Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Properties of Illinois, Inc. 
planters
Awning(s) for North Shore Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Properties of Illinois, Inc.
- slurry walls
Awning(s) for Patel Bros.
Awning(s) for Coldwell Banker
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's
Awning(s) for New Kabuki Japanese Restaurant
Awning(s) for Noodles in the Pot, Inc.
Awning(s) for Steppenwolf
Awning(s) for Steve Quick Jewelers
Awning(s) for Bolat African Cuisine
Awning(s) for Candyality Ltd.
Awning(s) for Community, a Walgreens Pharmacy
Awning(s) for Falafill
Awning(s) for Mediterranean Restaurant
Awning(s) for Ted's Cocktail Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1200 Madison Racine LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windsor, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown United - 4337 N Broadway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelina Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bartoli's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 432
Awning(s) for V-Land Chicago 95th LLC - 2347-2353 W 95th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bulerias, Inc.
Awning(s) for V-Land Chicago 95th LLC - 2333-2341 W 95th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael's Restaurant, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Zipo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Awning(s) for Johnnie Lovett
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe
Awning(s) for Upright Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sabor A Cafe, Inc.
Awning(s) for Betty's Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro by the Pier, The
Awning(s) for La Catedral Cafe & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A State & Lake
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clinica Guadalupe
Awning(s) for Mary's Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Micala Vasquez
Awning(s) for Trevino's Liquors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crumbs Bake Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doc B's Restaurant 001 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flywheel Sports LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 8900 Commercial Food & Liquor, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prado Travel Agency 
Canopy(s) for Chicago Marriott Downtown - Permit No. 1106593
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zizi's Kabobs - Permit No. 1101562
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mufflers R Us, Inc.
Awning(s) for Daily Food & Liquor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - Privilege No.  1106985
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WF Halls Self Storage- sign
Canopy(s) for Chicago Marriott Downtown - Permit No. 1106862
Awning(s) for Elizabeth Kaminski
Canopy(s) for House of Kahn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - Privilege No. 1106987
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WF Halls Self Storage, Inc. - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for Keefer's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - Privilege No. 1106991
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WF Halls Self Storage, Inc. - security camera
Awning(s) for Damenzo's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cardenal Driving School 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fabcakes
Awning(s) for Kent Young Health Products Center & Co.
Awning(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Lawry's the Prime Rib
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naf Naf Grill
Canopy(s) for Lawson House YMCA
Awning(s) for We Wash Car Wash, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Ale House, Inc. 
Canopy(s) for Meli Cafe on Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line/Wafel 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 123 Sangamon Venture Partners LLC
Canopy(s) for Noodles & Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noble Network of Charter Schools
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arkadia Apartments LLC
Awning(s) for Sanford Food, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taco Fresco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 425
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vapiano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly - light fixture - 1139-1143 W Grand Ave
Canopy(s) for Pratesi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly - light fixture - 1156 W Grand Ave
Awning(s) for Charday's Barber Cuts & Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vermilion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Industrial Council NWHGO
Awning(s) for DLV Printing Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parc Chestnut Condo Association - balcony
Awning(s) for Little Folks Cottage, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parc Chestnut Condo Association - trash container
Awning(s) for Shear Elegance Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sinai Health System
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freddie's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lorraine's Lounge, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - manhole
Awning(s) for Alcoiris, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Ponzu Sushi
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8694
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for House of Glunz, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 424 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apple Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glascott Realty
Canopy(s) for 2400 North Lakeview Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Kozy's Cyclery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Folks Cottage Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hi-Tops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for His and Hers Barber School
Awning(s) for Madrid Jewelry, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prestige Food & Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Fit Foods
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Quality Meat Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madrid Jewelry, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nan's
Canopy(s) for North Community Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aquarius Club & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ponzu Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Staropolska Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawry's The Prime Rib
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Flats Street LLC
Awning(s) for Benita's Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation - foundation walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JP Morgan Chase Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wing Stop
Awning(s) for Somethin' Sweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance - 3026 N Central Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 535 North Michigan Venture LLC - pile caps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's No. 5471
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Modern Image Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benita's Beatuy Salon
Awning(s) for Bucaro Brothers Auto Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 535 North Michigan Venture LLC - caissons
Awning(s) for Chicago Chiropractic & Sports Injury Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Weed LLC - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Weed LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Casey Moran
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercer 113
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Bikes
Awning(s) for Dr. J Neck & Back Specialist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for George's Hot Dog
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six North Michigan Condo Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic & Therapeutic Institute of Midway LLC - 939 W North Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Shadows 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Universal Sole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 8753
Awning(s) for New England Seafood Co. Fish Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ciales Poultry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - 225 E Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Fin Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2102 N Hoyne LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Days Inn Chicago - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Janssen Place Lofts Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Days Inn Chicago - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1118604
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's No. 2 Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Paciugo Roscoe Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafecito 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Power Yoga Chicago LLC
Awning(s) for Soundz Good Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edible Arrangements No. 761
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xpress Network Solutions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Esencia Urban Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vapiano
Awning(s) for Central Buy Low Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan Avenue Investors LP
Awning(s) for J&C Food Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Faroles Authentic Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Houndstooth Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 720 Franklin Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prestige Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kumas Too
Awning(s) for Nicks Fruit Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar - sewer
Awning(s) for CG Realty Group Ltd. - 1926 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JG's Heating & Cooling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Motel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mediterranean Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Masada - planters
Awning(s) for CG Realty Group Ltd. - 1928 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Sunday 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tropical Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Produce, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Bunnyland Developmental Daycare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Produce, Inc. - security camera
Awning(s) for Edith B. Khurana, MD, SC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 221 North LaSalle Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Masada - light fixture
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Guaranteed Rate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Fiesta 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Hotel Chicago - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Green Sign
Awning(s) for Himmel's Chicago
Awning(s) for J&R International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield School P+A  LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martini Club
Awning(s) for Mrs. Gloria Yonan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leadbelly 
Awning(s) for Needle Shop, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mission 21 Nail Source, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Vine, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Casey Insurance Agency 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Babylon Travel/Tours Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sweet Connection Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - grease separator
Awning(s) for Tom Mastros
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dispatch Taxi Management LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Furious Spoon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranallis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - center columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Summit Motel 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Singer Factory Distributors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 Rush
Awning(s) for Him Shikar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns, Inc.
Awning(s) for Joe's Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Taste of Heaven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pressure Incorporated 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mather's More Than A Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A.J. Hudson's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Schools
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Servicemaster Professional Cleaning
Awning(s) for Pressure Incorporated
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essence of India
Awning(s) for Sergio's Taqueria Pizza, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Apparel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fettes, Love & Sieben
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Samba
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Happy Bean Cafe LLC - 5868 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernardin, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Goat Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar - beam
Awning(s) for Prost Florist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garcia's, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Radler, The
Awning(s) for Sierra Auto Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar - grease separators
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Auto Group, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ann Taylor Loft No. 1815
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - ComEd airway vault
Awning(s) for A Taste of Heaven
Awning(s) for Burdi, Inc.
Awning(s) for Accu-Tronix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - planters
Awning(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wesley Place
Awning(s) for El Hefe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Awning(s) for Marshalls No. 690
Awning(s) for Orvis, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.H. Thompson House LLC - 3 planter railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.H. Thompson House LLC - 4 planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eastview, Inc.
Awning(s) for Salon Excursion
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Door, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kellee's Storage
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 731 W Sheridan Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2946 W 59th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - freestanding elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - freestanding elevation 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevaton
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snippets Mini Cuts
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north-east corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - north elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodan
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Dearborn banner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Randolph banner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3250 N Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1001 W Armitage Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3753 S Cottage Grove Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2273 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2461 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2138 S Indiana Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Permit No. 100492392
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1615 S Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2619 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Permit No. 100492393
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Permit No. 100492394
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Randolph elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - State elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Permit No. 100492395
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Chestnut Place LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 605 W Roosevelt Rd - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 605 W Roosevelt Rd - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3250 N Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Dearborn elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 401 N Wabash Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yuzi Sushi and Robata Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Washington elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St - Washington St elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5420 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 W Division St
Awning(s) for Kroll's South Loop - No. 1102926
Awning(s) for Kroll's South Loop - No. 1103466
Awning(s) for Northwest Institute for Contemporary Learning
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Self Storage No. 424 - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Boutique
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Awning(s) for Damen Auto Repair and Body Shop
Awning(s) for Toast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 626 W Jackson LLC - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119641
Canopy(s) for L'Oreal Insitute for Ethnic Hair & Skin Research, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Devco LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - 6958 N Western Ave (submitted by David Williams)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corporation - foundation walls
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Damato Bakery No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - 3301 W Bryn Mawr Ave (submitted by David Williams)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boss Bar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9 W Hubbard St (submitted by Muhsin Okmen)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1200
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 N Dearborn St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pinkberry - Wells St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinnies Sub Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bark Lee Tong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park & Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The - Privilege No. 1119638
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radio Shack No. 6296
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Rincon Norteno Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liz-Ney-Land Learning Center Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nary's Grill & Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5501 South Kedzie LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Hacienda Inc.
Awning(s) for Mi Casa
Canopy(s) for Metropolitan Family Services - 3255 N Central Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave Tequila Bar & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingdom Chevrolet Inc.
Canopy(s) for All Right Sales, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Blossom Shoes
Awning(s) for Brite New Mind Day Care Center, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Compass Group
Awning(s) for Paris Hair Weave
Canopy(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Awning(s) for Foot Health Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cocina Mexican Grill LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army Thrift Store, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lao 18
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Extra Value Food & Liquor 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piccolo Sogno Due
Canopy(s) for 33 West Monroe, LLC
Canopy(s) for Hearn Co., The
Awning(s) for Marbett
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7050
Canopy(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3367
Canopy(s) for Marlowe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ER&J Food & Liquor Inc. 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tre Soldi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Los Gallos Inc. 
Awning(s) for El Plan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sportman's Inn Motel 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Lincoln
Awning(s) for El Gallo Oro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Custom Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Nezell Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt 001
Awning(s) for Phone Booth
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nancy's Home of Stuffed Pizza
Canopy(s) for MB Financial Bank
Canopy(s) for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC
Canopy(s) for Tower 10 Glades LLC
Canopy(s) for Carling Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Trebol Corp.
Canopy(s) for Marshall Hotel LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexican Fine Arts
Awning(s) for Mario's Jewelry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NewYork Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen
Awning(s) for Supermercado Santos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gather Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Cafe
Awning(s) for Gallardo 1-Stop Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bonobos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dog & Kitty in the City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Etno Village Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Cycle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kelsey's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kendall's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lao Sze Chuan Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Car  Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Clement All School Reunion Party (Indoors)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Restaurant & Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steppenwolf
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young's Cleaners & Tailors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants - 3839 N Sheffield Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alapash: Meaningful Terrariums
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Days Inn Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friendly Food & Liquors 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meineke Car Care Center No. 2290
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower 10 Glades LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guaranteed Rate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower 10 Glades LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Auto Group, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Auto Group Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trader Joe's East
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restoration Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vora
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Street Barbers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 Rush - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 Chicago Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 15281
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 120 Building LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 Rush - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon & Western Currency Exchange Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 437 Rush - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mayne Stage/Act One Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 42 N Latitude
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for CHA/Shields Apartments
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baer Lofts in Bucktown Condominium Association, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for China Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hanco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Rago Sons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roots Handmade Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Table, Donkey & Stick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joey's Shrimp House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village West Veterinary
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park Veterinary Clinic
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taxim
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sataza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Euro Collision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Schnitzel King
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harrison Street Lofts Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Pacifico, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lofts Werks on Michigan LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Vie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Patio Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Barca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Computer Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manholes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - tieback systems
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fast Entertainment, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Univerisity of Chicago, The - sheetings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dinkel's Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pill Hill Development Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maya's Pizza Inc.
Canopy(s) for Residence of 41 East 8th Street, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flagship Tavern & Grill
Canopy(s) for 330 S Michigan Avenue Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Bank & Trust Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta Al Gusto, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allcare Orthodontic Center LLC
Canopy(s) for La Luce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bridgeport Pasty LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ba Le Sandwiches No. 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pls Check Cashers - 47th & Western 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tampico Club Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Los Comales No. 1 Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic & Therapeutic Institute of Midway LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesole Restaurant
Awning(s) for Original Ferrara, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rozana
Awning(s) for Ashland Laundromat
Awning(s) for Chicagoland Realty Services LLC
Awning(s) for Westside Youth Entrepreneur Ct.
Awning(s) for Elvira's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for American Security Insurance Consultants, Inc.
Awning(s) for Bridge of Life, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresenius Medical Care Ventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crazy Calabrese
Awning(s) for Man-Jo-Vin, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Addison Launderette
Awning(s) for One Strange Bird
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Food & Liquor 
Awning(s) for Optimum Kidney Care, SC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America's Financial Choice Inc.
Awning(s) for Southport Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hiromi's Oriental Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucaro Brothers Auto Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cooking Fools LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Drinking Bird, The
Awning(s) for VMR Financial Strategies, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Iron Industries Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Medical Campus LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luxe A Salon Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macku
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwest Insurance Network Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's No. 2 Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Helen Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Willow Court Homeowners Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fast Entertainment Inc. 
Awning(s) for Cafe Iberico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar - Privilege No. 1104930
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar - Privilege No. 1104931
Awning(s) for Image Nails No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance 
Awning(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bob's Liquors & Groceries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Awning(s) for Climate Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aberdeen Tap, The
Awning(s) for Dog & Kitty in the City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artopolis Bakery Cafe & Angor - sign
Awning(s) for Go Cycle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Artopolis Bakery Cafe & Angor - light fixture
Awning(s) for My Fit Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belly Q
Awning(s) for Victory Gardens Theater
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glen Lerner LLC
Awning(s) for Wing Stop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Luce - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Luce - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milkwaukee-Noble LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pegasus Restaurant & Taverna
Awning(s) for Bar Celona
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Awning(s) for Hi-Way Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 123 Sangamon Venture Partners LLC
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Awning(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Awning(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Bowl - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Bowl - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Goat Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Iberico - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Chicago Pediatric Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Iberico - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Symphony Orchestra/Orchestral Association, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Club - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Club - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eddie V's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Image Nails No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&J Fish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Real Estate/AAF One North LaSalle Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MP Catalyst LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OfficeMax
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Bank Lofts, c/o Building Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock & Roll McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Symphonyiri Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angela's Burrito Style
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3038-3046 W 59th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Merit Bank
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10700 S Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3120 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4805 W Irving Park Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 127 W Huron St - north high rise wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 127 W Huron St - south high rise wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 127 W Huron St - north projecting blade sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 127 W Huron St - north canopy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6816 W Grand Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3407 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3417 N Western Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taverna 750
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2138 S Indiana Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnalti's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZ Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Plum Market
Canopy(s) for Amerimex Mufflers & Brakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Building Blocks, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arby's/SBA, Ltd. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Pena Restaurante - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for William Lucas - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phoenix Bowl - trash container
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damen & Augusta Food - sign                   
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Native Food Cafe - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ethiopian Diamond Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Odges - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boston Market No. 825 - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for HSA Commercial - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Novelty Glass & Mirror Co - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Expressions Floral Studio - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2500 W Bradley Pl - 129 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Jewelry & Loan - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosentino Center-Chicago - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Home Health Care - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5254 N Clark LLC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill - amend
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Living of Metropolitan Chicago - ice melt system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bombay Wraps - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brunch - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts - sign
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fado Irish Pub - sidewalk cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Eatt - sidewalk cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hearn Company, The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for "I Am" Temple of Chicago, Inc - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury on the Park Condominium Association - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MJ's Steakhouse - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orange on Roscoe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pony Inn, The - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2248 Condo Assn. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2764 N Lincoln LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward Jones - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JP Morgan Chase Bank - cornice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Noodle Pho Xe Tang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McGrath City Honda - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance - 2643 N Harlem Ave - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4037 North Pulaski Condominiums NFP - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Douglas Vasilevich - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J's Edison Park - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Juliana School - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Olympia Building Corp - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parcel Owner LLC - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pittsfield Development LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. - Privilege No. 1097150 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ritter & Company - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Number 51581 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern On Rush - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor 133 State LLC - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wabash Randolph Self Park - stair case
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Playhouse - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Hotel Chicago - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 33 E Bellevue - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 327 Chicago LLC - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro Margot - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Cleveland Condo Assn - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 N Wabash Venture LLC - permanent enclosure
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 600 N Lake Shore Dr Condo Assn. - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 750, LLC - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jolly Inn Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daryl Gerber Stokols and Jeff Stokols - flood control system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homemade Pizza - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mark Hoffmeister - concrete bumper
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmolive Building Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for House of Glunz, The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L.I. Portfolio Holdings LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank Milito - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vapiano - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont-Clark Partners - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chili Mac's 5-Way Chili - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cocktail - stair case
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renaldi's Pizza - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower Lofts Condominium Assn. - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armand's Pizzeria - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Atlas Electric Devices Co. - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Montrose Ravenswood Currancy Exhange - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Vintage Management LLC - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1949 Cuyler LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Pooch Canine Life Center - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4700 N Western LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Housing Authority - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kopi A Traveler's Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pier 1 Imports No. 409 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dynaprop Investment Ltd. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Farm Supermarket - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kamdar Plaza Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D'Agostino's Pizza - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5242 S Hyde Park LLC - sprinkler system
Amendment of awning(s) for Urban Pooch Canine Life Center
Amendment of awning(s) for McKellin's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosas Tamales No. 2 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2741-2743 W Congress Condo Assn. - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2741-2743 W. Congress Condo Assn. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Aloysius Catholic Church -caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TJJ Laundrymat Inc - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1250 North Paulina Condo Assn. - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1250 North Paulina Condo Assn. - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1250 North Paulina Condo Assn. - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bleeding Heart Bakery - light fixture
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Leasing Company of Chicago, LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico on Clark LLC - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico on Clark LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - bicycle rack(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - ice melt system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burberry Limited - planter(s)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Prado, LLC, the - sprinkler system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way forUniversity of Chicago, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - kiosk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Downtown Dogs - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GT Fish & Oyster - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - acid basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claretian Associates, Inc. - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vapiano - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lapwing, LLC - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vapiano - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Flat Street, LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Mutual Automobile Ins. Co. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company - Privilege No 1096107 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1834 South Ashland Condo Assn. - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Guaranteed Rate, Inc. - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lefty's Automotive - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Health & Sports Performance Center - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sky Communications - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abiquiu Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbus Food - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Taylor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haymarket Brewing Company - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deleece - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave Tequila Bar & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel-Osco No 3632 - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower Lofts - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River East P24 LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Devco LLC - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Progressive Industries, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranjana Rajendran - planter railing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rush Walton, LP - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilary Hing Pisor Trust - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sarpino's Pizzeria - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salonsink Hair Angels Network - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hair & Nails By Sam - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zachary Maiorca - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldenleaf Food & Liquor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for System Parking Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wildberry Pancakes & Cafe - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Berger Financial Services, c/o Realty & Mortgage Company - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red 7 Salon, Inc. - banner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2200 N Ashland Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh for Lincoln Services)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 108 N State St, 4th Fl - 128 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shine Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xanazu, Inc. (Chatgtis LLC)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deborah's Place II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - 957 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens Co. No. 1173
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1574 N. Kingsbury St. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Under Armour Chicago Brand House
Canopy(s) for Snyx
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 555 W Adams St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735 N Ashland Ave - 400 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Boulevard Food & Liquor LLC
Awning(s) for Odges
Canopy(s) for Ambassador East Hotel
Awning(s) for Wicker Park and Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The
Awning(s) for Mac Kelly's
Awning(s) for Sofi LLC
Awning(s) for Dollar Tree Stores No. 3128
Awning(s) for Falco's Pizza
Awning(s) for Perez, Inc.
Awning(s) for De Arcos Pizza & Restaurant
Awning(s) for Taste Disco & Steak House
Awning(s) for Dulceria Alicia
Awning(s) for Casa Cafe
Awning(s) for Migdalia's Caribbean
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerry Wald
Awning(s) for Belly Q
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Awning(s) for Cobra Lounge
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Chicago
Awning(s) for Daniel J. Doolin
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Awning(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Kai Sushi
Awning(s) for Rosario's Hair Care, Corp.
Awning(s) for Beyond Boutique
Awning(s) for Red Hen Bread
Awning(s) for Father & Son Pizzeria Ltd.
Awning(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine & Pizzeria, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sherry's Bar
Awning(s) for Works North Loop, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Blackwood BBQ
Canopy(s) for Modern Asian Kitchen
Awning(s) for Mother Hubbards
Awning(s) for East Bellevue LLC
Awning(s) for MB Financial Bank
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Canopy(s) for Elinor Hotel
Awning(s) for Dominick's Finer Foods, Inc. No. 1695
Canopy(s) for Gemelos Food/Check Cashing Services
Canopy(s) for Club Lucky, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Commonwealth
Awning(s) for El Mercado Food Mart
Canopy(s) for Delilah's
Awning(s) for Xsport Fitness
Awning(s) for Bartoli's Pizzeria
Canopy(s) for Flour and Water
Awning(s) for Taqueria El Asadero No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartments Finders - fire escapes
Awning(s) for Patel Bros.
Awning(s) for Rogers Park Fruit Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartments Finders - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GX Chicago LLC
Awning(s) for Pita Xpress Grill
Canopy(s) for Bernardin, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kwik Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3387
Canopy(s) for East Bellevue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cross Town Fitness
Canopy(s) for Jewel Food Store No. 3368
Canopy(s) for Mory's Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Canopy(s) for 737 North Michigan Avenue Investors LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Fifth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Canopy(s) for Full Shilling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shoppe, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 South Wacker Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Loacq, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andersonville Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - soil anchors/ground retention systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abraham Dushey/Jack Dushey
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benny's Chophouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Jones
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Athletic Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernardin, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commonwealth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delilah's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Goat Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gordono Pharmacy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Euro Collision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlyn Berghoff Catering, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Father & Son Pizzeria Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JB's Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for We'll Clean
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Broadway Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - Privilege No. 1107115
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3370
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - Privilege No. 1107745
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christian Trejo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Choza Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquette Frame & Wheel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen - Privilege No. 1105430
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5478
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen - Privilege No. 1106628
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel-Osco No. 3632 - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pueblo Nuevo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Juliana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oak Street Health
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sherry's Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sean Murphy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - Privilege No. 1107363
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - Privilege No. 1107371
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabililtation Institute of Chicago - water lines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery/RB Grille - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery/RB Grille - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Liquor & Wine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tokyo Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 North Canal LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4100 W Ann Lurie Pl - Pemit No. 100496804
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4100 W Ann Lurie Pl - Permit No. 100496806
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4100 W Ann Lurie Pl  - Permit No. 100496807
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4100 W Ann Lurie Pl - Permit No. 100496808
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4100 W Ann Lurie Pl - Permit No. 100496809
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3014 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3512-3514 E. 118th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 43 East Ohio St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3664 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 550 W Adams St - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5300 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3411 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7447 W Talcott Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1168 N Halsted St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1168 N Halsted St - facing W Division St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 995 N Clark St/75 W Oak St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1920 S Wabash LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Ultimo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City-Life, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acadia Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenwood Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Town Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3386
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3377
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zberry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyman's Auto Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buddy Bear Car Wash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Refinery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oon Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Rehabilitation Services, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Loop Salumi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Submarine Port, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Town & Country Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 1154 Fulton Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amatos Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bentley Tavern, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D Arcos Pizza Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D's House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'cha Thai Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Gallo Oro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antojitos Majicos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3379 - building projection
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Allstars on Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3379 - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Joint Chicago Bar & Grill LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Y S Coin Laundry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dillman's Delicatessen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taste Disco & Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Saimai Thai Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eagle Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Square Lanes, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Woods Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patio Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fox's Beverly Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Town Liquor/Armanetti
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador House Condo - bollards
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Professional Stereo & TV
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador House Condo - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Chisme Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home Run Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ja' Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Hefe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Otis Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ringo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loomis Federal Savings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orlando Cruz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arkadia Apartments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belly Q
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frog N Snail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Full Shilling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Florisculpture, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Florisculpture, Inc. - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Beginnings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3371
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerusalem General Merchandise Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panino's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Fournette LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bulerias, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1K Fulton LLC - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prost Florist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1K Fulton LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi Foods No. 91
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store No. 4569, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin Grocery & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - micropiples
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Servicios Leyva Corporation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 17 N State St, Ste. 1800
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charles Craft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jin's Cleaners
Awning(s) for Hangge-Uppe, Inc.,The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Michoacana Natural
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hot Mama
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Meli Cafe & Juice Bar
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3038-3046 W 59th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2001 N Clybourn Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for W Chicago-City Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse - amend
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Go Roma Italian Kitchen 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4130 S Western Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&C Engineering, Inc. - fence
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1119758
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1901 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7447 W Talcott Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antojitos Majicos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Washington
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Touche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Comfort Family Dental
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7280 W Devon Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5000 W Flournoy Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5950 N Western Ave 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sports Corner
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4052 W Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56) - Privilege No. 1119728
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2310 S Indiana Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 01101
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acme Hotel Company
Awning(s) for Lyfe Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela Breakfast Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prime & Provisions
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Martin Luther King Dr - 360 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Martin Luther King Dr - 170 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Martin Luther King Dr - 222 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3445 S Martin Luther King Dr - 170 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6601 W Diversey Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4540 W 51st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 550 W Webster Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 558 W Webster Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2100 S Kilbourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2600 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2233 W Division St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2217 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3251 E 92nd St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 850 N Lake Shore Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 750 N Rush St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 550 W Adams St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1102890
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windsor, The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2600 N Western Ave - north elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Fields Cookies
Canopy(s) for Garner School, The
Canopy(s) for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3387
Canopy(s) for Canal TC LLC
Canopy(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Ironwerks Condos
Canopy(s) for Meli Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caban and Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Campus Investors Austin-Mezz-TMS LLC
Canopy(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Depasada Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express International Furniture, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fire Protection Systems and Restaurant Appliances and Bikes
Canopy(s) for Smart Hotels/Olympia Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garner School, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gateway Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency LLC
Canopy(s) for Gio's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J. Patrick's
Canopy(s) for 123 Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&D Whirlpool & Bath Outlet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leona's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luis A. Aceves & Associates, P.C.
Canopy(s) for Niego Real Estate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Margie's Candies
Canopy(s) for Triple Crown Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mila Design, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster's Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick's
Canopy(s) for Arista Foods
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon Seafood Grill
Canopy(s) for Athena Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Odges
Canopy(s) for CW 600 West Chicago LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francesca's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paladar
Canopy(s) for Glen Lerner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Dollar & Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza-Metro
Canopy(s) for Greek Town Retail Parnters LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurant, Veneno De Nayarit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SmallBar Division
Canopy(s) for MK Investment Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Takito Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitamin Shop, The
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Via Carducci La Sorella
Canopy(s) for McDermott Foundation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Discount Outlet, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilfree Court Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for New Management Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wicker Park Bucktown Chamber of Commerce
Canopy(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree No. 5169
Canopy(s) for 1K Fulton LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Violet
Canopy(s) for 23 Green LLC
Canopy(s) for Bethel New Life Child Development Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1644 W. Blackhawk LLC
Canopy(s) for Floral Exhibits Ltd.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taylor Street Partners LP
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Whole Health Center P.C.
Canopy(s) for Terry's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pratesi
Canopy(s) for Buffalo Wild Wings Grill & Bar
Canopy(s) for Cheetah Gym
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2001 N Clybourn Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 North Canal LLC
Canopy(s) for Renaissance Saint Luke LP
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Washington Franklin Self Park
Canopy(s) for Tabula Tua
Canopy(s) for 860 Evergreen Properties
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Thai - Takumi Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for III Forks No. 425
Canopy(s) for Pioneer Forms, Inc.
Canopy(s) for WE Idea LLC
Canopy(s) for Six Brothers Food Market, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Philly's Best Express
Canopy(s) for YES
Canopy(s) for Access Living of Metropolitan Chicago
Canopy(s) for Allerton Hotel, The
Canopy(s) for Best Western River North Hotel
Canopy(s) for Brazzaz LLC
Canopy(s) for Bristol Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Charles Levi /19 S Wabash Building
Canopy(s) for Chicagoan/LaSalle National, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Royal Redemptions
Canopy(s) for Chicago Wells Design Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auditorium Theatre
Canopy(s) for Friedman Properties Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Red Cross of Greater Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cactus Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Canopy(s) for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 36 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 500 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - 1104 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Congress Plaza Hotel - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Congress Plaza Hotel - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freshii
Canopy(s) for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 22 E Monroe St
Canopy(s) for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 7 E Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fiesta Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence Med Spa and Wellness Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackfinn Ameripub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for BB Bun Mi Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Tokyo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abbey Brown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athena Restaurant - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athena Restaurant - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belly Q
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bouzouki Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard Bryan - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard Bryan - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard Bryan - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for California & 63rd C.X., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5195
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Elizabeth LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golden Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Collision - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Liquor Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mufflers 4 Less
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goose Island Beer Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harpo Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's Mexican Restaurant - 6230 S Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J. Patrick's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kiki's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Street Lofts LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Management Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's Mexican Restaurant - 3231-3237 W 63rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nobert Plating Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Asia I. Beltran, DDS, PC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden Automotive Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tenorio Tire Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orsolini Welding & Fab - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orsolini Welding & Fab - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parc Chestnut Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parthenon Restaurant, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santorini
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swerve Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spertus Institute of Jewish Studies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Spoke - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garfield Discount
Canopy(s) for Lakeshore Land Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Spoke - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Juanita's Mexican Food
Canopy(s) for Loyola University of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S&M Auto Sales
Canopy(s) for MacMall
Canopy(s) for McFadden's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S&S Auto Body
Canopy(s) for Oxford 127 Huron Venture Property Co. LLC
Canopy(s) for Philip Diciminna Barber Shop
Canopy(s) for Subway 4053
Canopy(s) for Sushi Samba
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Food and Liquor - fire shutter
Canopy(s) for Tavern on Rush - Privilege No. 1105390
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Food and Liquor - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for Tavern on Rush - Privilege No. 1108149
Canopy(s) for Tishman Speyer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Food and Liquor - sign
Canopy(s) for Tides at Lake Shore East LLC
Canopy(s) for Tokyo Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westend Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for WRPV XI Seneca Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woman Made Gallery
Canopy(s) for Zed 451
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 23 Green LLC
Canopy(s) for 100 E Huron St Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelica Textile Services, Inc.
Canopy(s) for 340 W Superior Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car-X Western No. 2
Canopy(s) for Cafe Luigi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bob's Liquors & Groceries
Canopy(s) for Chicagoland Management & Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Donnellan Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports on Madison II - 4011 W Madison St
Canopy(s) for Hema's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franconello
Canopy(s) for Prime Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr.. Swifty Cleaners
Canopy(s) for S Group Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Brien's Pub
Canopy(s) for S. S. Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Posh Pet Day Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports on Madison
Canopy(s) for Steppenwolf Theater Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Head Quarters
Canopy(s) for B. Rose Salon and Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedway Express Lube
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Basic H&S, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Austin Development Center
Canopy(s) for City Suites Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tax-Tician, Inc.
Canopy(s) for GCT Realty LLC
Canopy(s) for Lofts at the Vic Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big "O" Movers and Storage, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111th Western Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leamington Foods
Canopy(s) for Grace O'Neal/Earl Jerome Malry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America Auto Service, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Paul Doi Hair Dresser
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Celeste's Flower Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Collision Center
Canopy(s) for Travel Fast Chicago/Mail Stop & More
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7078
Canopy(s) for 5000 Marine Drive Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3422
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pioneer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Granados Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Kenwood Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Hyacinth Basilica
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for No. 10 Check Agencies, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Super Mercado El Guero No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6339 South Woodlawn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. G's Supper Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Budget Hotel  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cortes Ibanez Enter Corp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Security Insurance Consultants, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anastasia Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barnes Auto Sales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmont Auto Enterprises, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Dental Associates Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Vacuum, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Familia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Isabelas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carniceria La Mejor Produce, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buffalo Wild Wings Grill & Bar - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Laundromat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Buffalo Wild Wings Grill & Bar - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moreno's Discount Liquors Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car-X Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Piezano's Pizza & Grinder Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supermercado La Chiquita No. 4
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Gomez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villita Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chi-Town Dog House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edith Hart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Father Time Antiques
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Good Old Days, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gymboree Play & Music of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homemade Pizza - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&R Liquor & Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Approval Financial Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J. Berman & Associates, Inc.
Awning(s) for Spray of Sunshine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Chirpopractic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vince's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 2971 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3046 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3356 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3538 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lottie's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nike Retail Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Physicians Plus Limited-North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosa's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daily Food & Liquor Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spanco Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Alphonsus Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zubair's BP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Street Barbers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Self Storage 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vintage Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 15065
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Building Lofts Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peter Xilas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athena Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 860 Evergreen Properties
Awning(s) for Buffalo Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Hoang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&A Auto Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Jumping Bean
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accurate Glass
Awning(s) for Fiore Delicatessen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for County Barbeque
Awning(s) for Garner School, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B&B Jewelry & Loan Co.
Awning(s) for Jay's Beef of Chicago, Inc.
Awning(s) for Martin's Corner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burrows Moving Company
Awning(s) for Palasio Pool Hall
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosebud Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gioco
Awning(s) for Rick's Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Awning(s) for Taqueria El Arco No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hidden Cove, The
Awning(s) for North & Kedzie Food Mart, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scout, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ji's Tailor
Awning(s) for Best Sub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Congress Center LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Level 1 Hair Studio, Inc.
Awning(s) for El Taco Naco
Awning(s) for Quantum Development Group, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oak Street Health
Awning(s) for A-Z Ace Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranallis
Awning(s) for Adams Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payday Loan Store
Awning(s) for Autobuses Latinos, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plymouth Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfa Upholster & Interiors
Awning(s) for Chicago Central Park Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quinn Chapel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children Campus, Inc.
Awning(s) for CW 600 West Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences at 950 West Monroe Condominium Assn., The 
Awning(s) for First Choice Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elliott's Seafood and Chop House Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Collision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residence of 41 East 8th Street, The - balconies
Awning(s) for Jubilee Juice and Grill
Awning(s) for Kehoe Designs, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Myrhaylo Kifichar
Awning(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences of 41 East 8th Street, 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sandy's Restaurant - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Lillie Ann's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sandy's Restaurant - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - fire escapes
Awning(s) for Out of the Past Records
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - flagpoles
Awning(s) for Pan American Bank
Awning(s) for Parthenon Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt University - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Club, The
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Awning(s) for Shawn's Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Lagartija
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Third Rail Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB Management LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weather Mark Tavern
Awning(s) for Best Vacuum, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Awning(s) for Bodywork & Massage Source
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 18th Street Lofts Condo Assn
Awning(s) for Helios Center for Movement
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 111 South Wacker Venture LLC
Awning(s) for Janssen Place Lofts Condo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 565 West Quincy Condominium Association
Awning(s) for Jim Karas Personal Training LLC
Awning(s) for Lily Spa
Awning(s) for Prints Unlimited
Awning(s) for Rio Balsas Food Mart
Awning(s) for Salon de Vive
Awning(s) for Salon Visage and Dry Spa
Awning(s) for Self Storage No. 1
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 222
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2329
Awning(s) for Top Chicago
Awning(s) for Trim
Awning(s) for Urba Baby
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Awning(s) for Rock Financial
Awning(s) for Lidia's Fanny, Lupita's Family Hair Care Professional Corp.
Awning(s) for Christian Undertaker Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for Spinney's Super Market, Inc.
Awning(s) for Las Islas Marinas
Awning(s) for Grooming Parlor
Awning(s) for Idlewood Electric Supply, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Gruszka
Awning(s) for Savory Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Auto Repairs 4 Less, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kenwood Dialysis
Awning(s) for Coachlight Laundry
Awning(s) for Flashes Hair Design
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates
Awning(s) for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown
Awning(s) for Lucky
Awning(s) for New York Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance Karen Ayers Agency
Awning(s) for Village Discount Outlet, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - 5230 S Lake Park Ave
Awning(s) for 4541 Sheridan Venture Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ai Japanese Restaurant - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Aroma Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ai Japanese Restaurant - signs
Awning(s) for Fork
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercy Community Pharmacy at Oakwood Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfred's
Canopy(s) for M J Flaming
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allerton Hotel, The
Awning(s) for Meditate Center for Meditation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smart Hotel/Olympia Chicago LLC
Awning(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - caissons
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Awning(s) for XL Manufacturing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - drain tiles
Awning(s) for Cheetah Gym
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - guardrail
Awning(s) for Indie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - retention wall
Awning(s) for Mena Tours & Travel Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago - sheetings
Awning(s) for New Growth, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baskin-Robbins
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - 5215 S Harper Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bauer Bldg - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Drop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's Store No. 722
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bauer Bldg - planters
Awning(s) for Swedish Covenant Medical Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western River North Hotel - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Charles Carpets and Construction
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western River North Hotel - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackbird
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackfinn Ameripub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bloomingdales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boeing Company, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - bollard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CAA Hotel Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Capital One 360
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cardozo's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlyn Berghoff Catering, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 8)
Canopy(s) for Logan Square Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - flag poles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - Privilege No. 1108062
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago's Leading Lady
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DJ Foods & Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kentucky Fried Chicken 521041
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quality Carwash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3369
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 69th & Halsted Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beauty Plaza Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irvin's Auto Care Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grocery Basket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chili's Grill & Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3377
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taste of Chicago Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citywide Superslow River North, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 114th Michigan Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ewing Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott Chicago - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macias Produce Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benny's Chophouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott Chicago - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norfolk Southern Railway Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Douglasrosin Decorative Arts Antiques
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bellevue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Scoops Chicago Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Hefe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1751 W. 35th Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fashion Nails by Design Ltd.
Awning(s) for Bijan Salon
Awning(s) for Joey's Liquor, Inc.
Awning(s) for Six Penny BP
Awning(s) for Paddy Mac's
Awning(s) for TCC Com
Awning(s) for Cheetah Gym
Awning(s) for Level 1 Hair Studio, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benjamin Mays Academy
Awning(s) for Ranallis
Awning(s) for Sabor A Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBJ Corporation - security cameras
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBJ Corporation - sign
Awning(s) for Elliott's Seafood and Chop House Grill
Awning(s) for Cosmetic Auto Trim & Glass, Inc.
Awning(s) for World Wide Liquors
Awning(s) for Brazzaz LLC
Awning(s) for Casino, The
Awning(s) for DeWitt Place
Awning(s) for Eyelines, Inc.
Awning(s) for Frenchy's Bookstore
Awning(s) for Golden Triangle, The
Awning(s) for Inter Capital Realty Corp./Old Republic North Annex
Awning(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daystar Education Association Inc.
Awning(s) for Joseph Freed and Assoc. LLC
Awning(s) for Lavazza Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Department of Central Management Services - 17-27 E Cermak Rd
Awning(s) for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illionis Department of Central Management Services - 3-17 E 71st St
Awning(s) for Mr. Gyros, Inc.
Awning(s) for Nacional 27
Awning(s) for Neiman-Marcus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Department of Central Management Services - 81-119 W 31st St
Awning(s) for P.F. Chang China Bistro
Awning(s) for Pizzeria Uno Chicago Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Ranwa Limited Partnership
Awning(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Sam's Grill
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Awning(s) for Sunny Side Up
Awning(s) for Tavern on Rush
Awning(s) for Route 43 Bar, Inc.
Awning(s) for TGI Friday's
Awning(s) for UGG Australia
Canopy(s) for Epic
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vanguard Archives Inc.
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven 33139
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Depot
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven 33725A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott - sample basin
Awning(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Awning(s) for Blueberry Moon
Awning(s) for Chicago Bagel Authority
Awning(s) for Classic Kids
Awning(s) for Crossroads Public House
Awning(s) for Gamekeepers
Awning(s) for Homemade Pizza
Awning(s) for Intermix
Awning(s) for Karyn's Fresh Corner
Awning(s) for O'Malley's West
Awning(s) for Parkwest Liquors and Smoke Shop
Awning(s) for Paul Cleaners
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - Privilege No. 1107584
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - Privilege No. 1107585
Awning(s) for Ringo
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Awning(s) for Sushi Mon
Awning(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle, Rice and Bubble Tea
Awning(s) for Trim
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Awning(s) for Best Western-Hawthorne Terrace
Awning(s) for Brazilian Bowl, The
Awning(s) for Brendan's Pub
Awning(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Awning(s) for Casbah Cafe
Awning(s) for Crystal Cleaners
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 5001
Awning(s) for Inkling
Awning(s) for Joy Cleaners
Awning(s) for Nail Bar
Awning(s) for Nail Bar Limited
Awning(s) for Nuts on Clark, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rockit Bar and Grill Wrigleyville
Awning(s) for Smile On
Awning(s) for That's Amore Florist Ltd.
Awning(s) for UPS Store, The
Awning(s) for Wrigleville Sports, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boston Market No. 825
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill No. 1979
Awning(s) for Bana Salon & Spa
Awning(s) for Hops and Barley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ohio House Motel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Imperial Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jade East Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kabuki Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panda Express, Inc. No. 1102
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pet Stuff
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lito's Empanadas, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Due
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lor's Designer Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manoa Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 508 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McGee's Tavern & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 277 E Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Middlefork Capital LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Goldberg & Perl Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles in the Pot, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Group Realty Trust-330 N Wabash LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raw
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Frog Events LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weber Grill Restaurant  - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town School of Folk Music
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pasta Bowl Company, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regus Management Group LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perennial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rona Talcott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for See, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - planters
Awning(s) for La Bomba Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tammy Sopper Segovia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - sanitary sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ten Thousand Villages
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago - storm sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 333 Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2116 N Halsted LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery/RB Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schatz, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shaw's Crab House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XVI LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smithfield Properties XVI LLC - raised planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Berlin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Source Healing, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 212
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernie's - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 19549
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernie's - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bernie's - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Streeters Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candyality Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Samba - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Colao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caribou Coffee No. 708
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timothy O'Toole's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tom Ford
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tribune Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 916 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twelve North Venture c/o U.S. Equities Realty - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ugg Australia - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ugg Australia - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 954 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Innovations Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 936 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wabash-Adams Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 844 W Addison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells St  Book Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 1009 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1st United Methodist Church of Chicago Aid Society
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 1017 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Association - 3944 N Sheridan Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - 180 N Franklin St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - 416-418 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Comedysportz of Chicago, IL
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DS Cantina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 33511C
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Full Shilling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 33725A - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GCT Realty LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 33725A - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 25 East Washington Associates LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 North State Street (Chicago) Owner LLC - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 North State Street (Chicago) Owner LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lamadia-Art of Pizza, Love of Wine 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Communication Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. C's Midway Bar Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sock Shoppe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frenchy's Bookstore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supermercado La Victoria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfred Fricano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tylka Printing Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ACM Motorcycles, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GLL Properties 444 North Michigan LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golden Triangle, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Bookkeeping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Discount Pantry Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Ohio Condo, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kerry's Auto Body Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gruen Galleries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Petite Pastry Inc.- sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H2O Plus LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haberdasher Square Lofts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hafele America Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hard Rock Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hard Rock Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heaven on Seven on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amerimax Real Estate Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Discount Store, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heritage at Millennium Park Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billares Ricardo & Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hines Interest Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Sky Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlton Inn Midway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Instituto Cervantes - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Instituto Cervantes - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honda City - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inter Capital Realty Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honda City - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IM&N Dollar Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inter Capital Realty Corp./Old Republic North Annex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kiddie Garden Little Angels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MG International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Federal Savings Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3368
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rokaitis Industries Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Show Carpet Outlet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 1 S State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 17 S State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 18-28 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC - 44 S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kerryman, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Leaf Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ajith Castelino
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aloha Grill Hawaiian BBQ Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's Retail Holdings, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aloha Grill Hawaiian BBQ Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barre Bee Fit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial - guardrail
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistro Margot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bricks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Luigi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mecox Illinois, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MHF Chicago MC IV LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark-Diversey Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monk's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Classic Kids
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mory's Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2942
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dee's Restaurant Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music and Dance Theater Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nails Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Broadcasting Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dee's Restaurant & Szechuan Quisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 9 West Erie Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Chicago Rush Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Farthings Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Randolph & Wells Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frances' Restaurant & Deli Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoots Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Callaghan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Leary's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400 W Ontario c/o Advantage Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golftec Lincoln Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 W Superior Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for HNV Lakeview LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 500 Pinnacle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 737 North Michigan Avenue Investors LLC - bicycle racks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 850 Investors LLC - grease traps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 850 Investors LLC - grille ventilation in sidewalk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fischman Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Galvin's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Tablas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 1401 W Addison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3240 N Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 1244 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3359 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3442 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Quik Cash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3601 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Dugan's, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3825 N Southport Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake View YMCA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newport Bar & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plaza Mimi Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nuts on Clark Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pompeii Xpress
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower Auto Rebuilders Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Realty & Mortgage Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockwood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sport Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar on Buena, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twist a Tapas Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Fitness Investors, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 630-632 West Barry Condominium Association - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mayne Stage/Act One Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Mananitas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alibis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Jim's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 630-632 West Barry Condominium Association - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bais Yaakov School 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bais Yaakov School - sheeting 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Jim's - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carr's Honda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carr's Honda 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Genuine Time
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mysore Woodlands
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 4561
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peterson Food Mart 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rebel Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Be Well
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bloom Yoga Studio LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Dollar Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard G. Cohn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocks Lakeview
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fork
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Restaurant 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lofts at 1800 at Condo Assn., The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soulcycle - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taverna 750
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Piggy Toes "A Children's Shoe Boutique"
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rail Bar & Grill, The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rail Bar & Grill, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 29726J
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calo Lounge, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Buy Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kho Bo Chicago.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kim Video
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kopi, A Traveler's Cafe 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LA Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pumping Co., Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DME Direct Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damenzo's, Inc. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Pure Barre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lidia's Fanny, Lupita's Family Hair Care Professional Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damenzo's, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Wicker Park and Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5834
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gabriela Reyes
Awning(s) for Congress Plaza Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Packaging Products
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haweye's Bar & Grill, Inc. light fixtures
Awning(s) for Luke's
Awning(s) for Baba's Steak and Lemonade
Awning(s) for Precious Little One's Learning Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kent Young Health Products Center & Co.
Awning(s) for Saca-Tash Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence's Fisheries
Awning(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Alamos
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven 33909A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Awning(s) for Le Pooch Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michelle's Ballroom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pacific Furniture, Inc.
Awning(s) for 2100 S Indiana Ave Equities LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mike's Hair Design
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santiago Cano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Semiramis Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Awning(s) for City-Life Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abbey Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tuscany Restaurant
Awning(s) for Unit, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Con Leche D' Noche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hutch - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Father & Son Pizzeria Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Green Valley Grocery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Philly's Best Express
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mondo Meatball
Awning(s) for It Takes a Village Christian Academy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quick Oil
Awning(s) for Julius McCoy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santa Barbara Jewelry
Awning(s) for Chicago Hairport
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tico's Auto Repair
Awning(s) for Happiness Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3411
Awning(s) for El Chisme
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Avenue Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Formula Auto Parts, Inc.
Awning(s) for Moroleon Food No. 2, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Horizon Science Academy - Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joey's Liquor, Inc.
Awning(s) for La Haciendita Taqueria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3375
Awning(s) for Nagi's Flowers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sir Sid Realty
Awning(s) for Buenavista Optical
Awning(s) for D's House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Law Office of C. Grobelski
Awning(s) for Noble Dental Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Family Services
Awning(s) for Lys African Hair Brainding
Awning(s) for Mariana's Fashion Footwear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M-K Signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Sub
Awning(s) for Whiz Kidz Learning Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paddy Mac's - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Lounge, The
Awning(s) for Alicia's Tamales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Awning(s) for Juanita's Mexican Food
Canopy(s) for 400 South Jefferson, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Que Rico Supermercado
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paddy Mac's - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Awning(s) for El Chisme Restaurant Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tans Quality Roofing
Awning(s) for Little Village Pharmacy, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nia
Awning(s) for My Bridal Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anteprima - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Accutek Graphics Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anteprima - signs
Awning(s) for Asian Tea
Awning(s) for Athena Corp.
Awning(s) for Ciao Amore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Main Event, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101481
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Corner - grease basin
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2001 N Clybourn Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2001 N Clybourn Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern on Littlefort - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank National Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Baker's Tale
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Altiro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Saigon Baguette
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4718 N Broadway 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1620 S Canal St 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Healthcare Alternatives
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Louis Felice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bahn Mi Ba Get
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Shopping Plazas, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2501 Armitage LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fairways
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Long Division LLC - balcony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Que Rico Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rapidito
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Whisk Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mojo Bar and Grill
Awning(s) for Walgreens No. 4986
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blaze Pizza - Privilege No. 1113957
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Casa Yari
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crown Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lula Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suparossa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Zipo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Studio, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Bad Wolf
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chestnut Row Homes LLC - cornices
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4052 W Grand Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McFadden's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou & Grey No. 4506
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel-Nix 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milenorth
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express No. 299
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petsmart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for R Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sheesh Mahal Dhaba, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria ORD
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sticky Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiny
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tapas Valancia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stan's Donuts - Clark St - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zapatista
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9249 S Halsted St - 230 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9249 S Halsted St - 265 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1200 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7239 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3216 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 737 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2121 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3400 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Delano Ct
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2323 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 845 N Michigan Ave - App No. 100505594
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 845 N Michigan Ave - App No. 100505595
Canopy(s) for Union League Club of Chicago
Canopy(s) for 175 Jackson LLC
Canopy(s) for Valentina Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Mr. Sudsy
Canopy(s) for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3397
Canopy(s) for Gertie's Ice Cream & Chili
Canopy(s) for Panera Bread No. 933
Canopy(s) for La Encantada Restaurant and Catering
Canopy(s) for Cavitos Liquors, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Victor's Sportswear
Canopy(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Park Athletic Club
Canopy(s) for Get More Wireless
Canopy(s) for Chicago NNN Financial Associates, LLC
Canopy(s) for Martin, Donald
Canopy(s) for Bank of America
Canopy(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Awning(s) for Ron's Dollar Plus
Canopy(s) for Fordham Condominium, The
Canopy(s) for Hampton Inn
Canopy(s) for Hotel Monaco
Canopy(s) for Intercontinental River East, LLC
Canopy(s) for Northern Trust Company
Canopy(s) for Nouveau Tavern
Canopy(s) for Tishman Speyer
Canopy(s) for U.S. General Services Administration
Canopy(s) for 850 Investors LLC - Privilege No. 1108297
Canopy(s) for 850 Investors LLC - Privilege No. 1108299
Canopy(s) for 1000 Condo Assoc.
Canopy(s) for Roy's Furniture Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Augusta and Paulina Service Station
Canopy(s) for Stanley's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Berns Auto Sales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damen-Chicago Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 6270
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K. Miller Construction Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Law Offices of Rosalba Pina
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tip Top Liquor
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresenius Medical Care Ventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1644 W Blackhawk LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lickity Split Frozen Custard and Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks No. 231
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bonivino's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Kernel Gourmet Popcorn & More
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosmopolitan Lofts Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Mattress Firm No. 119015
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forth Group Management Services
Awning(s) for Belmont and Western Dental Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G&A Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Parking Corp.
Awning(s) for Chesterfield Awning Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gymboree Play & Music of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Hotels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loft Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CH South Michigan Apartments LLC - ramps
Awning(s) for Community Counseling Centers of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CH South Michigan Apartments LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residence of 41 E 8th St, The
Awning(s) for Naty's Barber & Beauty Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt Collection Retail Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruth M. Rothstein Core Center
Awning(s) for Aniko Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sky Ride Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 729 W Aldine Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Equities Realty - caissons
Awning(s) for Chicago Kernel Gourmet Popcorn and More
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VB Management LLC
Awning(s) for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 332 Property LLC
Awning(s) for Harold's on Wabash, Inc.
Awning(s) for Warehouse Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Willow Automotive Services, Inc.
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 300 E 51st LLC
Awning(s) for Ingleside Foods, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sun Beauty Supply, Inc.
Awning(s) for Don Gollo Supermercado, Inc.
Awning(s) for La Mas Chiquita
Awning(s) for Taqueria El Pastor
Awning(s) for La Fuente
Awning(s) for Ted's Firewater Saloon, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cut It Out Hair Designs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant - privilege Number 1110711 
Awning(s) for Cut 2 Keep
Awning(s) for Lockdown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clinia Activa
Awning(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Intermix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neiza's Enterprises, Inc.
Awning(s) for NYC Bagel Deli - Dearborn
Awning(s) for Van Cleef Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Wendy's No. 000733
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PAWS Chicago
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven No. 33363B
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Picante Telecom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3346-3348 N Sheffield Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Bricks
Awning(s) for West River Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-OK Automotive, Inc.
Awning(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America
Awning(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Awning(s) for White Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven No 33911H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Patron a Modern Taqueria
Awning(s) for A Midwest Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My TV Satellite System
Awning(s) for North Buena Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southwest Family Health Center
Awning(s) for Tattoo Factory
Awning(s) for Community Home Supply Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TCF National Bank
Awning(s) for Johnny Casserole
Awning(s) for Calo Lounge, Inc.
Awning(s) for Heartland Human Care Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Burrito Feliz Restaurant - bay window
Awning(s) for Masouleh
Awning(s) for Rogers Park Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Burrito Feliz Restaurant - security camera
Awning(s) for Twisted Tapas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pulaski Dollar & Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tasty Beef, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westside Family Health Center - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westside Family Health Center - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aayu Clinics-Lakeview Immediate Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artesania's D'Mexico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motorola Mobility LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinatown Square Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Wah Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexico Juarez Driving School - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexico Juarez Driving School - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raymond's Hamburgers & Tacos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Y Tortilleeria Atotonilco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons I Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Handyman Remodeling
Awning(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No. 2
Awning(s) for Kerfoot Food and Liquor
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express Food Mart II
Awning(s) for Time Out Lounge
Awning(s) for A Gomez Tires and Wheels, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cash America Jewelry and Loan
Awning(s) for Paws Chicago
Awning(s) for Picante Telecom
Awning(s) for Mandarin Kitchen
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pong Import & U.S. Auto Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Triple Crown Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - Privilege No. 1107173
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - Privilege No. 1107175
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercy Community Pharmacy at Oakwood Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, LLC - sheetings
Awning(s) for Independent Gym
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group LLC - tiebacks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ulta Beauty
Awning(s) for Di Carlo's Armanetti Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The 
Awning(s) for Chicago Hamlin Medical Center
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jacks Cottage Grove Mini Mart, Inc.
Awning(s) for Fudge Pot, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allerton Hotel, The - Planters
Awning(s) for Jordan's Food of Distinction, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allerton Hotel, The - Flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - Privilege No. 1108679
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foot Locker No. 8754 - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - Privilege No. 1107292
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anytime Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The  - Privilege No. 1109004
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CW 600 West Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - Privilege No. 1108677
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Iberico
Awning(s) for Your Best Friend Pet Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - utility pipings
Awning(s) for Tops & Bottoms, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rite Price Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The/Searle Parking Lot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moon Star Grocery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Properties - Banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Awning(s) for Hermosa Medical & Diagnostic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Properties - Fire Escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Computer Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flowers Unlimited & Gift - Privilege No. 1108945
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eataly
Awning(s) for Osmondson Carpentry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flowers Unlimited & Gift - Privilege No. 1108946
Awning(s) for Lula Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ed Debevic's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ford Motor Co., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S H Bell
Awning(s) for A. Vision Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago & Indiana Harbor Railway Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairplay Foods
Awning(s) for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hydrology
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reckless Records of London (Incorporated)
Awning(s) for Flor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halsted Pershing Morgan LLC
Awning(s) for Ola's Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shop & Go
Awning(s) for Polished
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shambles Bar 
Awning(s) for Twinkle Toes Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A & E Muffler Shop
Awning(s) for Clothes Pin Laundromat & Dry Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Indio Cocina Mexicana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East, LLC  - Grease Traps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Taqueria La Puerta Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Learning Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East, LLC - Vaults
Awning(s) for Irving Park Early Learning Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquette Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bareburger - window and frame(s)
Awning(s) for Ferajna Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 258
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria El Pastor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valentina Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joffrey Ballet, The
Awning(s) for Grind Coffee Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John W. Jordan II - curb cut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dependable Auto Repair, Inc. 
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Awning(s) for Hairtech the Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6514
Awning(s) for Pub Ok
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honda City - Privilege No. 1107550
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kerryman, The
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honda City - Privilege No. 1108989
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Honda City - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Suparossa
Awning(s) for North Park University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawndale Mobil Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - Privilege No. 1108758
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Dodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Retail LLC - Planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Retail LLC - foundation sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts No. 6685
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Retail LLC - Tieback Systems
Awning(s) for Taqueria El Chorrito
Awning(s) for Chung's Tae Kwon Do Institute
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Retail LLC - Caissons
Awning(s) for Norwood Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore East Retail LLC - foundation supports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Real Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vazquez, Sergio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resurrection Health Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Realty of Illinois, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Kostner Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ambassador House Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fort Knox LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3393
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bricks - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley Tire Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bricks - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoly's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Benny's Chophouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bart Harris
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackhawk/Halsted LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Wax Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Athletic Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Geja's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clybourn Webster Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holy Covenant United Methodist Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Stillman - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monika Neale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Development Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Stillman - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Refinery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kids Science Labs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for On The Route Bicycles Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 825-833-859 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prints Unlimited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 1003-1037 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 901-951 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 1802 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 1924 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 1117 W Armitage Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization - 1970 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley's Restaurant - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley's Restaurant - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rona Talcott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster Square Apartments LLC - 550 W Webster Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster Square Apartments LLC - 558 W Webster Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Temple Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tuesday Morning No. 833
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - 2004 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2042-2044 N Halsted LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burrito House 2, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Socksco, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America's Financial Choice, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts No. 6577
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Father & Son Pizzeria Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Fitness LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago - chilled pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's Retail Holdings, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin Special Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin Career Education Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Real Estate/AAF One North LaSalle Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Western Wear, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Latin School of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Town Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lexington Lion Chicago, LP
Awning(s) for Bauer Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza by Geneo's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carrs Honda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon & Western Currency Exchange, Inc. - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gordon's Auto Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midas Muffler Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon & Western Currency Exchange, Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hema's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Palermo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2934 Grand Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5983
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arkadia Apartments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seeley of East Ridge Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CW 600 West Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Tapas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Market Row Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Gelato
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hancock Fabrics No. 6186
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoppin' Hots
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Graceland Cemetery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Buena Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK Investment Partners LLC - buildings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pine Grove Court Condominiums
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riviera Productions, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson Yard Development 1 LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Iguana Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson Yard Development 1 LLC - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Juicy Wine Company, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hispanic Housing Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Wilson Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK Investment Partners LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK Investment Partners LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for America's Financial Choice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Six Corners Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK Investment Partners LLC - roof overhang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Auto Parts No. 6944
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark - Briar P&A LLC - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tom's Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark - Briar P&A LLC - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Full Shilling
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harbor House Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Brown Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hermosa Medical & Diagnostic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid City Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Panera Cares
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Princeton Review, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Discount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle Mexican Grill - light fixture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Falafel & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan Avenue Investors, LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O and G Spring and Wire Form Specialty Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phoenix Computerized Accounting Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan 180 Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Company - building projection
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melrose Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advance Spinal Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Company - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Warehouse, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Company - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle  - 4747 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - Privilege No. 1107646
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - Privilege No. 1107660
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - tunnels
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford 127 Huron Venture Property Company LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Due
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Uno Chicago Bar & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Uno Chicago Bar & Grill - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pranzi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Self Park - caisson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert Loquercio Trust, The - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert Loquercio Trust, The - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Robert Loquercio Trust, The - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santa Fe Building c/o Hamilton Partners, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shaw's Crab House - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shaw's Crab House - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wesley K. Shepherd - planter railings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wesley K. Shepherd - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SL 231 LaSalle LLC c/o Jones Lang LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle - 4825 N Austin Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Specialty's Cafe Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Peter's Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunstone Saint Clair LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ATI Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Hubbard Limited Partnership/Urban Innovations
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zoup
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 20 East Bellevue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 29 E Madison LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicagoland Truck Rental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 108 North State Street (Chicago) Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Montrose Lumber Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 122 Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 247 East Ontario Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acre/Ombra
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 314 West Superior Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claddagh Ring Pub, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 316 N Michigan Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Emerald Isle on Peterson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 333 Building Corp - emergency generator
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 333 Building Corp - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Java N Mug
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 W Superior Condo Assn. - caisson bells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6550-6552 North Glenwood Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 W Superior Condo Assn. - exterior mount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 340 W Superior Condo Assn. - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dennis Martin D'Amato
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 372 W Ontario, Ltd Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raza Communication
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 535 North Michigan Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 600 Fulton Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1028 N Rush St Corp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Computer Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A. - roof overhead
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Thirft Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gertie's Ice Cream & Chili
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Solution 3 Graphics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Atotonilco No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 23)
Awning(s) for Butch McGuire's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auto Pro Collision Clinic, Inc.
Awning(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morrison's Restaurant
Awning(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - 291 E Ontario St
Awning(s) for Cloverfield, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Awning(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 310 Retail LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2600 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2233 W Division St
Awning(s) for Trace
Awning(s) for Wrigleville Sports, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Community Health Network
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ian K. Smith
Awning(s) for Simply Prepaid
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4500 W Ann Lurie Pl
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5320 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Awning(s) for Noteworthy LLC
Awning(s) for Black Hearts Hair House LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank National Assn.
Awning(s) for Servicios Chihuahua, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2923 N California Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hilton Hotels
Awning(s) for Bryn Mawr Belle Shore LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Dee - fire escape
Awning(s) for Chicago Live Poultry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Suitable
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Simply Prepaid T Retailer
Awning(s) for European Wax Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro on 83rd S Ashland
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A.M. Comfort and Orthopedic Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Jazmines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verizon Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Lakeside LLC 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for YMCA
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Koko's Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carolyn's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parthenon Restaurant, The - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's Beef & Gyros
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Park Stadium Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salpicon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - privilege No. 1118056
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shake Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Americas Food & Liquor, Inc.
Awning(s) for Midtown Lofts Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Peerless Imported Rugs, Inc.
Awning(s) for Streets of London
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Earras Outdoor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Efes Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragovich, Michael - fire escape
Awning(s) for Scissors Hands
Awning(s) for Tapia-Ruano & Gunn P.C. Immigration Law Office
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dragovich, Michael - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK-The Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Star Auto & Body Shop
Awning(s) for Valentino Club Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Publican Quality Meats
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rednofive
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sterling Bay Companies
Awning(s) for McCaffery/WRT Loyola Sub LLC
Awning(s) for Sir Speedy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G K Tops & Bottoms, Inc. - Privilege No. 1108914
Awning(s) for Brehon Pub
Awning(s) for Cape Cod Room
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle
Awning(s) for Dragon Ranch Moonshine & BBQ
Awning(s) for Fashion Nails
Awning(s) for Lester Lampert
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tops & Bottoms, Inc. 
Awning(s) for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Interior Crafts, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lambert's Realty
Awning(s) for Petterino's - 150 N Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tasty Gyros
Awning(s) for Petterino's - 50 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cano Auto Electric
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger Inc. - 40 E Pearson St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Best Insurance 
Awning(s) for Tremont Hotel
Awning(s) for Pranzi
Awning(s) for University Club of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citgo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet - banners
Awning(s) for 2 Q Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc. - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Pet Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Filippo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flour and Water
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Map Room, The
Awning(s) for Michael Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick's Pit Stop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackies and Benis 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carnicerias Jimenez - signs
Awning(s) for Chicago's Blarney Stone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Medical Hospital
Awning(s) for Custom Eyes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - sign
Awning(s) for Davids Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Fair Lady 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pulaski Fullerton Currency Exchange 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Calla, Simona 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Olympia Carpet
Awning(s) for Evergreen Oak Electric Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 228
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valve Auto Mart Inc. 
Awning(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Awning(s) for l-C Spring
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TCF National Bank-Branch - banners
Awning(s) for Raw Bar & Grill - Privilege No. 1109059
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Music Box Theatre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Quetzal No. 2
Awning(s) for Raw Bar & Grill - Privilege No. 1109124
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McCaffery/WRT Loyola Sub LLC
Awning(s) for Sleep City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Late Bar - Security Camera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tesori
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2218
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TCF National Bank-Branch - planters
Awning(s) for Taco & Burrito House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Abell Animal Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiparos Thai Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Uncommon Ground
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1611 N Hermitage LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry's Lumber Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Dee - turrets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carnicerias Jimenez - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tac Quick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tanuki
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Walgreens No. 15921
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norwood Auto Service Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Late Bar - Bay Window 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa Chris' Place, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sandy's Restaurant
Awning(s) for Wakamono
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sony Submarine 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunrise Hitek Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alibis 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6174-6190 Northwest Highway LLC/McLennan Mgmt.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cary's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J K Kabab House 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Buy Low Liquor
Awning(s) for Phil's Pizza D'Oro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nikhar Beauty Salon 
Awning(s) for Schierer & Popp Jewelers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grande Noodles 
Awning(s) for Green Genes
Awning(s) for Phuoc Le
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C-Manny's Mexican Cuisine II, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mounsef International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roberts's Cycle Co. 
Awning(s) for Antica Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perl Mortgage, Inc.
Awning(s) for Jewel Food Store No. 3443
Awning(s) for Steep Theatre Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rogers Park Business Alliance 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wing Chong Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armitage Racine Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gethsemane Garden Center 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Economy Currency Exchange
Awning(s) for Flowers Gallery & Design
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hernandez Auto Repair 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Wax Center
Awning(s) for ABC Academy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steep Theatre Company 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eve Tyree
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Parkway Towers LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harris Company, The - stairwell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harris Company, The - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AMC Theaters 600 North Michigan 9
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harris Company, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lance R Hornaday
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AT&T Mobility
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John B, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mildred Court Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brunch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daily Bar and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlyle Apartments Homeowners Assn, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranch Triangle Community Conservation Organization
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leen Jewelry Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sultan's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1143 W Lake St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Twisted Baker, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Phalanx Family Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lutz Continental Cafe and Pastry Shop 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory Gardens Theater
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Webster House Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - window wall system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young's Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakwood '83
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cloverfield, Inc. - decorative archway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cloverfield, Inc. - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Shaughnessy's Public House - clock 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fordham Condominium, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Shaughnessy's Public House - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Froyo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Company - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alba Auto Service 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Broadway and Montrose C.E Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Golub & Company - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thorek Hospital and Medical Center 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hampton Inn - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hampton Inn - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for HUB 51/SUB 51
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IA Collaborative
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newport Bar & Grille
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beadniks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Auto Repair Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Village Dental Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Mexico Moderno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & A Auto Spa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Modern Vapor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Oak Tap, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saieda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunny Nails
Canopy(s) for Michelle Berger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tecalitlan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Eyecare, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Columbian Condominium Association, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zeller Textile Co.
Canopy(s) for John Marshall Law School, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CB Richard Ellis, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District
Canopy(s) for New Harrison Hotel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dentologie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Coast Pantry Chicago
Canopy(s) for Clyde Quality Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East-West University - pedestrian bridge
Canopy(s) for Khalil's Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East-West University - vault
Canopy(s) for Giant Beauty Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Field Museum
Canopy(s) for Nicky's Hot Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago
Canopy(s) for Palm Realty Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Harrison Hotel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pianoforte
Canopy(s) for Los Tres Hermanos
Awning(s) for Printers Square Condo Assn., The
Canopy(s) for A-OK Automotive, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Los Delfines No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Printers Square Condo Assn., The - flagpoles
Canopy(s) for Rednofive
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - signs
Canopy(s) for Garfield Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Paul Square Townhome Assn.
Awning(s) for Tampico Tailor Shop
Awning(s) for Smith & Thomas Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SEB Immibilien Investment GMBH - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SEB Immibilien Investment GMBH - manhole
Canopy(s) for MJH Education Assistance Illinois IV LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Umai
Canopy(s) for TCF National Bank - Branch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vanilla Blue LLC
Canopy(s) for Mounsef International
Canopy(s) for Las Americas Food & Liquor, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Canopy(s) for Fulton's on the River
Canopy(s) for Palmolive Building Condominium Association
Canopy(s) for MHF Chicago MC IV LLC
Canopy(s) for Riverview Condominium
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amber Inn, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boulevard Ace Hardware
Canopy(s) for Acme Hotel Company/Berkshire, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Supermarket, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Nordstrom Rack
Canopy(s) for Exchequer Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smart Hotels/Olympia Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee
Canopy(s) for Ritz-Carlton Water Tower
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5000 East End Condo Assn. - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for Holiday Inn Express Mag Mile Cass
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5000 East End Condo Assn. - planters
Canopy(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2447
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5000 East End Condo Assn. - step
Canopy(s) for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snail Thai Cuisine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manholes
Canopy(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - pedestrian bridge
Canopy(s) for Self Storage No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 56)
Canopy(s) for Lutz Continental Cafe & Pastry Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park's Beauty, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Chris Dallas-Edgewater Produce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Lakeside Development LLC - foundation support
Canopy(s) for Crossroads Broadway LLC
Canopy(s) for Broadway Hood LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Lakeside Development LLC - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Lakeside Development LLC - sculpture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rock & Joe Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Autozone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KCBX Terminals
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Praxair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franco's Ristorante
Awning(s) for Supermercado La Victoria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Dust Coin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's No. 717
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roy Alanis Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caprio's Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save-A-Lot No. 860
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tacos Mario's Limited
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astrid Beauty Salon
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Fit Foods - Privilege No. 1104715
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rokaitis Industries, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franks Auto Glass
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Premium Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garfield Discount
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Save More Food & Liquor
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Fit Foods - Privilege No. 1104714
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aida Food & Liquor
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Catholic Charities d/b/a WIC Food Centers - security camera
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Johnny's State Street. Grill - Privilege No. 1098765
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Catholic Charities d/b/a WIC Food Centers - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fred & Jack's El Gran Burrito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stewart Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toyota on Western, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aloha Motel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Bird Bowl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talman Auto Rebuilders, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Cigar Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Hills Garage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delaney Heald Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dent-Sure Dental Services PC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home Run Inn Pizza Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lumes Pancake House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J's Nail
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Johnny's State St. Grill - Privilege No. 1089178)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Discount, Inc. - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Discount, Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palm Realty Co.
Awning(s) for Bacci Pizzeria On Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Faro Restaurant
Awning(s) for CVS/Pharmacy No. 2809
Awning(s) for Garden Gourmet Market
Awning(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta On Division
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Smart Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morenos Discount Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richmond Glass & Construction - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Fairlife 
Awning(s) for Sugars Plus
Awning(s) for Cleopatra Hair Designs
Awning(s) for Golden Hangers Cleaners
Awning(s) for Norman's
Awning(s) for Franco's Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richmond Glass & Construction security cameras
Awning(s) for K-Buenz Super Market
Awning(s) for Primera Iglesia Cristiana Pentecostes, Inc.
Awning(s) for Yanci's Furniture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-OK Automotive, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Austin Hardware, Inc.
Awning(s) for Skin Passion Tattoos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blooming Lotus, The
Awning(s) for TV Video Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Pulaski
Awning(s) for Catholic Charities d.b.a. WIC Food Centers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home Market Realty
Awning(s) for J&J Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jugolandia No. 2
Awning(s) for Lots of Love Pre-School Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Amantes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Your Community Agency-Allstate
Awning(s) for Chesterfield Awning Company, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Italian Beef, Inc.
Awning(s) for Neveria Auros, Inc.
Awning(s) for Richmond Glass & Construction
Awning(s) for Redmond's Pub
Awning(s) for Tots N Tales Pre-School ll
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Coin Laundry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Cake
Awning(s) for Livin' Clean Entertainment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perez Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Pius V Church
Awning(s) for Al's Italian Beef, Inc.
Awning(s) for Carana Realty Group
Awning(s) for Graphic Image Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Aaron Jewelry & Pawnshop
Awning(s) for Green Grocer Chicago
Awning(s) for West Humboldt Park Family & Community Development Council
Awning(s) for El Gran Burrito
Awning(s) for Magical Scissors Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Drybar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inter Capital Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beatra Danek 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schierer and Popp Jewelers Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sonny and Jenny LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East, LLC - caisson bells and shafts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East LLC - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East LLC - retaining walls
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental River East LLC - slurry wall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFR LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Knight Building LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lyfe Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Beef
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. J's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Company - bollard
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omni Chicago Hotel - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parenteau Studios
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates - tieback system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Due
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Related Bit Lake Shore Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - exhaust duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - siamese connections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Self Park - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Condominium - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B.R.A., Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverview Condominium - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sayat Nova
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sotheby's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunglass Hut No. 1583
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank - light fixture 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Samba
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fishbar 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Groovin' High 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Just Service, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tishman Speyer - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tishman Speyer - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paddy Long's 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raw Bar and Grill - light fixture 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raw Bar and Grill - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Second Time Around 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Authority, The 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tommy Bahama R&R Holding, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Strange Cargo 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tre Soldi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for USA Parking LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VIP Nails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young Men's Christian Association of Metropolitan Chicago - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WWL DHotel Investors LLC - flagpole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Hubbard Limited Partnership/Urban Innovations
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Young Men's Christian Association of Metroplitan Chicago - Handicap Ramp 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WWL DHotel Investors LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WWL DHotel Investors LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 35 W. Wacker Venture LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 77 West Wacker Drive LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 400-410 Michigan Real Estate LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 222 NLS Properties LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6420 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3400 W Division St - 215 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 E 106th St - Privilege No 100501445
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 E 106th St - Privilege No. 100501443
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 E 106th St - Privilege No 100501446
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 345 E Ohio St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3400 W Division St - 119 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 201 E 95th St - 50 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 201 E 95th St - 115 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7201 S Stony Island Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10808 S Doty Ave - 458 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10808 S Doty Ave - 132 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 10808 S Doty Ave - 412 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2701 W 68th St - Sign 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2701 W 68th St - Sign 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 455 N Park Dr - 45 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 455 N Park Dr - 552 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 E 106th St - Privilege No 100501442
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2215 S Union Ave - 672 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2215 S Union Ave - 450 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Klees Golf Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSW Shoe Warehouse No. 29491
Awning(s) for Bellissima Donna
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carquest Auto Parts No. 2849
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diamond Dogs, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Evolution Personal Training
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peterson Cicero Currency Exchange, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2201 S Halsted St (north wall)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 19 W Jackson Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 310 S Racine Ave - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 310 S Racine Ave - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 310 S Racine Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at  747 E 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4700 N Marine Dr
Canopy(s) for Blue Sky Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Lavanderia El Sol
Canopy(s) for Fremont Square LLC
Canopy(s) for Sunrise Fresh Market 2
Canopy(s) for Wurks Enterprises, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Urban Fresh By Jewel No. 3522
Canopy(s) for LaSalle Cleaners
Canopy(s) for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chrome
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M & A Auto Spa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salon Moka
Awning(s) for Salon Moka
Awning(s) for Genesis Discotecas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles & Company
Awning(s) for Transportes El Bajio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tommy Gun's Garage - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Estela's Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tommy Gun's Garage - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warehouse Liquors
Awning(s) for La Fuenta Restaurante No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United Loan Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CJUF III Harper Court LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Pizza
Awning(s) for Supermarket & Taqueria Caro
Awning(s) for National University of Health Sciences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sheetings
Awning(s) for Yanbang Cal Sichuan Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ferro's
Awning(s) for Cafe Internet Latino, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Milagro
Awning(s) for Luis C. Gomez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Horizon Science Academy - McKinley
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber - 2459 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber - 7600 S Exchange Ave
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rehabilitaion Institute of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2505 E 73rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2522 E 73rd St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Su Nueva Lauanderia No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supermercado El Ranchito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double T Liquors & Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supermercado La Victoria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2314 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Sky Restaurant
Awning(s) for Fremont Square LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cellupager
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2553 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Waldo Cooney's Pizza
Awning(s) for Pied Piper Parties & Playschool
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for De La Torre Muffler and Brake, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2635 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3397
Awning(s) for Riverside Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2901 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Auto Body and Repair, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2924 E 79th St
Awning(s) for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andriana Furs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for End Zone Tap
Awning(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Mine Cleaners
Awning(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southtown Health Foods
Awning(s) for Bernie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elizabeth Foster
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for George's Liquor & Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stanley's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Natkin & Associates
Awning(s) for Broasted Chicken Royale
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Austin & Archer Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainbow Motel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for We'll Clean III
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Family Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Burrito Feliz Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Access Living of Metropolitan Chicago
Awning(s) for Perfect Cup, Inc. The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AccuVision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blaze IL Store 1 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C B Guadalupano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway at Surf, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Cultural Mile Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 18th & Ashland Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Dental Arts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ames Taping Tools
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicagoan/LaSalle National, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rebel Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7156 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dearkin Res LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Steamworks, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Cash Advance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Exhale Enterprises V., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haymarket Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GT Fish & Oysters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hubbard Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Viaggio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom Rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winfield Moody Health Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aragon Entertainment Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - drains
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chromium Industries LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - kiosks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perfect Food & Liquor - light fixture
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perfect Food & Liquor - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Square Lanes, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shetland Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - lightpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Jerezano Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manny Auto, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn. - 905 W Irving Park Rd - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tixteco Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2447
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmer House Hilton, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn. - 925 W Irving Park Rd - bicycle rack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artist Frame Service 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crespo Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Lakeview Merchants Assn. - 3957 N. Sheridan Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fremont Square LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Hyatt Water Tower Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for High Dive
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Group Realty Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oakwood '83
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jack and Gingers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Party City of Lincoln Park Store No. 171
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Susan Fredman Design Group Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 4 Miles 2 Memphis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3443 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Three Dots and a Dash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J M J Mobil, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tiparos Thai Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jewel Food Store No. 3443 - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andina Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WLS Television, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&R International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mullen's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2501 N Richmond LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zolla/Lieberman Gallery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 54 West Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popular Electronics, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Tire & Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 211 W Wacker Office Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R.N. International, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coffee, Studio, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Philip Lutheran Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riordan Insurance Agency
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6420 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3616 W 26th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2323 W Madison St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2323 W Madison St - west side wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 60 E Grand Ave - east elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 60 E Grand Ave - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2261 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 71 E Wacker Dr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Praxair, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J.P. Lane Co. - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Village Chamber of Commerce - 3927 W 31st St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1126 W Granville Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jack's Bar & Grill/404 Wine Bar - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission 5100 S Michigan AVe
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5629 S Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8750 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - App No. 100520578
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - App No. 100520582
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - App No. 100520585
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 19 W Jackson Blvd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2606 N Elston Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6508 W Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1800 W Lawrence Ave - 159 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1800 W Lawrence Ave - 206 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1800 W Lawrence Ave - 222 sq ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 233 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 840 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 700 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tecalitlan
Awning(s) for J-J Motor Service, Inc., 2338 S Indiana Ave
Awning(s) for J&J Motor Servicer, Inc., 2326 S Indiana Ave
Awning(s) for Loya Insurance Co.
Awning(s) for 71st Street Apartments LLC
Awning(s) for Willa's Fifty Yard Line
Awning(s) for Hudsons Funeral Home
Awning(s) for IQ World Media, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lawlor's on 111th St
Awning(s) for Five Star Certified, Inc.
Awning(s) for West Humboldt Park Family & Community Development Council
Awning(s) for Belmonte Liquors
Awning(s) for Brothers 5 Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for American Realty of Illinois, Inc.
Awning(s) for Drybar
Awning(s) for Fantasy Hair Design
Awning(s) for Allstate Insurance
Awning(s) for Belmonte Liquors
Awning(s) for Chi-Town Chicken, Seafood & Pizza
Awning(s) for Joe's Printing
Awning(s) for Fireside Collections
Awning(s) for Hub 51/Sub 51
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's
Awning(s) for Sports Authority, The
Awning(s) for Tiffani Kim Institute LLC
Awning(s) for 401 E Ontario Condo Assoc.
Awning(s) for 17's Cleaners
Awning(s) for Centered on North
Awning(s) for Bank of America-LaSalle
Awning(s) for Francesca's
Awning(s) for Network Mortgage LLC
Awning(s) for Starbucks No. 231
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bais Yaakov School
Awning(s) for Yakzie's Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Rainbow
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford 127 Huron Hotel Venture Property Company LLC - Permit No. 1101477
Awning(s) for Mini Thuong XA
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford 127 Huron Hotel Venture Property Company LLC - Permit No. 1107761
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford 127 Huron Hotel Venture Property Company LLC - Permit No. 1107760
Awning(s) for Rogers Park Fine Wines & Spirits
Awning(s) for JR Dessert Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andy's Music, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bow Wow Grooming, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbus' Curry LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santullo's Eatery
Canopy(s) for LQ Acquisition Properties LLC
Canopy(s) for 5000 East End Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Castle Keepers
Canopy(s) for Deluxe Auto Rebuilders & Hand Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avondale Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lucas Tires 
Canopy(s) for Obbies Pizza
Canopy(s) for Dragonfly Mandarin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domino's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Cultural Mile Association, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Brown's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edward D. Jones
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essex Inn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JeffJack Investments LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allerton Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Side Realty Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boker Investment Management, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carlyn Berghoff Catering, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 939-949 W Madison - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 939-949 W Madison - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mena's Hair Design, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2204 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2704 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2671 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wit, The - tree grate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 33725A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - panter - 2347 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brothers 5 Food & Liquor 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 77 West Wacker Drive LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2430 E. 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hollywood Auto Spa LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Danny's Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2226 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primecare Community Health
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Bank & Trust Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frasca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gabriel Enterprises, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ola's Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Temple Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Williams-Sonoma No. 6016
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - light fixtures Privilege No. 1109617
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - light fixtures Privilege No. 1109616
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3368
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Chop House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DePaul University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Winebar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Havana Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5000 East End Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hertz Corp.,The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hubbard Street Hair Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hanas Finer Food and Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 203 N LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cambray's Auto Rebuilders
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Chicago Packing LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 31st & Morgan Check Cashers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 145 S Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Jose Yanez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 177 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 181 N Dearborn St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 401 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Italian Village Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leon's Bar-B-Que No. 4 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 7201 S Exchange Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Dodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Pulaski Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2226 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morands Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber - trash container - 2504 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Liquor and Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ontario St. Clair Self Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Star Certified, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2523 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe's Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2524 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Davila, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Modern Process Equipment, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Group Realty Trust - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2629 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Electric of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prime Group Realty Trust - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flowers by Liz
Canopy(s) for Greater Chicago Motors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2734 E 79th St
Canopy(s) for Abbey Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harlem & Archer Currency Exchange
Canopy(s) for Avantgarde BG
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2649 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Self Park
Canopy(s) for Andy's 11 East Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mickie's Hair & Nail Tech
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snickers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Federal Savings Bank
Canopy(s) for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Canopy(s) for Chicago Chop House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sportho Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2660 E 79th St
Canopy(s) for Un Cork It
Canopy(s) for Whole Foods Market
Canopy(s) for Alibis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2602 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Livin' Clean Entertainment
Canopy(s) for Uru-Swati
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 2523 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mountain I, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 7200 S Exchange Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mountain 1, Inc. - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - trash container - 7301 S Exchange Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Building Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 7901 S Exchange Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for We Wash Car Wash, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2714 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yanbang Cai Sichuan Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2901 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Authority, The - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2801 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Authority, The - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Aaron Jewelry & Pawnshop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2459 E 79th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Authority, The - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee 18013
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2324 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belly Q/Urban Belly II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elite Truck Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whole Foods Market - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2255 E 75th St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wildfire
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fastsigns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aldi, Inc No. 62
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alibis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - sign 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Euro V Construction Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fountain Head
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Devon Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Fox Day Care Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JR Dessert Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Latin Bliss
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K-D Auto Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roy's Furniture Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's -1530 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Late Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's - 4805 W Irving Park Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Wax Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilson Men's Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3624 W Wrightwood Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's No. 5618
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paddy Long's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Dental Arts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kriser's Feeding Pets For Life
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bookworks
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paddy Long's
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4700 N Marine Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scone City
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 S Fairfield Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5361 N Harlem Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 700 N Michigan Ave (north)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1500 S Fairfield Ave - 864 sq. ft.
Canopy(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shaman by Chilam Balam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 175 Sopraffina Market Caffe LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket Wireless Authorized Retailer
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 235 W Van Buren Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2200 N Ashland Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2 E Oak St (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media - sign at 543 N Wells St (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2412
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media - sign at 3422 N Sheffield Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media - sign at 2000 W Chicago Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Street Companies - sign at 415 N Dearborn St (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Canopy(s) for Hair Design International Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wells Street Companies - sign at 3034 N Ashland Ave (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - sign at 3256 N Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns - sign at 2358 W Devon Ave 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media - sign at 543 N Wells St - west elevation (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media - sign at 543 N Wells St - north elevation (submitted by Thomas J. Walsh)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matchbox, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sonco Reat Estate LLC - fence
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Kacheton
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tocco Restaurant
Canopy(s) for 71 S. Wacker Dr., LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arca De Salvacion
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letiza's Natural Bakery/Enoteca Roma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 202
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ina's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8954
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East of the Ryan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cain's Barber College, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594
Awning(s) for Sunset Liquors
Canopy(s) for Icebreaker
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital -  drain tiles
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1551 N Sheffield Ave - App No. 100521270
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2550 N Clybourn Ave - App No. 100522826
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1335 S Michigan Ave - Permit No. 100521849
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1340 S Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1223 W Chestnut St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1030 W North Ave - North Ave elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1030 W North Ave - Kingsbury St elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2550 N Clybourn Ave - Application No. 100522827
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Streets, Inc.
Awning(s) for South Coast
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Division Ale House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for High Noon Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standard Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Neil's on Wells
Awning(s) for Kenwood Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Awning(s) for Cal-Harbor Restaurant
Awning(s) for Estella's Hair Design
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westend Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lucky, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for V&J Daycare Center, Inc.
Awning(s) for Armando's Tire Shop
Awning(s) for Merchandise USA
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dark Horse Tap and Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houndstooth Saloon
Awning(s) for Georginos Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kirkwood Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Rangel Appliances and Controls Supply
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Awning(s) for Jimenez Barber Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Awning(s) for Parkview Auto Parts, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Property Management Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Texas Auto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Building Lofts Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Map Room, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Beetle Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benny's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for George Pappageorge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perennial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perillo Collision Center - fence
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ignotz' Ristorante - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fremont Square LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ignotz' Ristorante - bay window
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Grill Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MAJ RE LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polonia Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MAJ RE LLC - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Selfreliance Ukrainian American Credit Union
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MAJ RE LLC - window wells
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shops at Kingsbury Square LLC, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sine Qua Non II Ltd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hunt Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tuesday Morning
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1907 North Kenmore Condo 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Capital Motors Group, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EZPawn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Procopius Parish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Auto Sales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Teddy Bear Ins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for V&V Supremo Foods, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for V&V Supremo Foods, Inc. - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yin Wall City, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vainilla Bean Bake Shop, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7078
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Sub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Continental Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Luisa's Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liberty Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Max Muscle Wicker Park/Bucktown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monumental Manufacturing Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North and Pulaski Elderly Limited Partnership - water service valve vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North and Pulaski Elderly Limited  Partnership - sewer vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Barco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polito's Mufffler and Auto Repair Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R.M.C. Enterprises, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T&J Plumbing, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fireplace Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rene's Auto Parts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GNC Gateway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ZSN, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Girl & the Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Dokku
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southgate Tower LLC - earth retention system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verde Condo Assn, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Goat LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westend Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1329 West Chicago Ave Condo Assn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spectrum Real Estate - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Merchandise USA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Azteca 51st & Kedzie Currency Exchange, Inc.
Awning(s) for Teddy Bear Nursery Schools, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brownstone Tavern & Grill
Awning(s) for Edna Furniture Outlet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank - Privilege No. 1117989
Awning(s) for O'Rourke's Office
Canopy(s) for Margies' Candies
Awning(s) for Mr. G's Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for 47th Street Pharmacy
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2102 N Hoyne LLC
Awning(s) for Halsted Street Laundromat
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Financial
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flanagan Residence
Awning(s) for Izalco Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Fitness Formula Clubs - South Loop
Awning(s) for Sun Food Mart
Canopy(s) for State Place Condo Assn.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bais Yaakov School
Awning(s) for Walsh Tub I, The
Canopy(s) for Chant
Canopy(s) for Conrad's Place
Canopy(s) for Taqueria La Haciendita, Inc.
Awning(s) for MacQueen Eye Care Center Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Focal Point LLC
Awning(s) for Maria Ochoa
Canopy(s) for Rosendo Arroyo
Awning(s) for Parkside Chapel
Canopy(s) for Evening Star M.B. Church
Canopy(s) for Tasty Beef, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group LLC - Permit No. 1108561
Awning(s) for Jasmine's Unisex
Canopy(s) for Benny's Pizza
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group LLC - Permit No. 1108562
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PNC Bank - Privilege No. 1117990
Canopy(s) for Yauco
Canopy(s) for Fenix Lounge Ltd.
Canopy(s) for So Special Cleaners
Canopy(s) for Papa Giorgio's Pizzeria, Inc.
Awning(s) for 21 St. Food Market, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Grand Plaza Owner LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - Permit No. 1108569
Canopy(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Awning(s) for A M & Associates
Canopy(s) for Hyatt Regency Chicago
Awning(s) for C B Guadalupano
Canopy(s) for Loyola University Chicago
Awning(s) for Cananas
Canopy(s) for Naha Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Sixty West Erie Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Wintime Fashion
Canopy(s) for Whitehall Hotel, The
Awning(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Canopy(s) for Goose Island Wrigleyville
Awning(s) for Nia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro For All Il, Inc.
Awning(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Thai Kitchen
Canopy(s) for Furama Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for Bristol Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for Yoly's Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acadia Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans LLC
Awning(s) for Family Pet Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brenda Danek
Awning(s) for Flora Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Veliotis Sr. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burnham Center - 111 W Washington LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Title Land Trust Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alliance Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artist Village Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Estelle's Cafe & Pub Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Links Taproom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condo Assn. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mirai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Piece
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Steel & Wire Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condo Assn. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Village Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Via Carducci La Sorella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Centre Condo Assn. - siamese connection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burnham Park Animal Hospital Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dalal Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edwardo's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitness Formula Clubs - Union Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Leasing Company of Chicago
Awning(s) for Life Storage Centers of Lincoln Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Club, The - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe - 412 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Palazzo Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union League Club of Chicago
Awning(s) for Pascal Bucktown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Warehouse Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2620 Washington LLC
Awning(s) for Sine Qua Non II Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flair Tower LLC - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggie Gyros & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravina Lofts Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for General Seal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Apple Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reggie's Bar & Grill - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reggie's Bar & Grill - sign
Awning(s) for Sky Scraper Heels
Awning(s) for Spanish Horizons
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for Owl Bar, The
Awning(s) for Red Star Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC - revolving door
Awning(s) for Star Communications
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raul Gonzalez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boston Market No. 825
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hannahs Bretzel  180 W. Washington LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hard Rock Hotel
Awning(s) for All Things are Possible for Kids, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&B Signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Financial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JHTC Holdings LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago - ducts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - tieback system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Melting Pot, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago,The (File No. 2)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michigan Ave Lofts Condo Assn., The
Awning(s) for Unforgetable Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The (File No. 58)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nacional 27 - sign
Awning(s) for D S Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nacional 27 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Naf Naf Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nail Perfection & Foot Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Association of Realtors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago/Searle Parking Lot, The
Awning(s) for Chris Verveniotis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - directory kiosk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - planters
Awning(s) for Forest View Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - light poles
Awning(s) for Zia's Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Merchandise
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pittsfield Development LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arturo Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ritz - Carlton Water Tower
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Association - Privilege No. 1110320 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ron of Japan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Assn. -Privilege No. 1110319
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ruth's Chris Steak House - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Assn. - Privilege No. 1110317
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scoozi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lemons Enterprises, Inc.
Awning(s) for Americash Loans LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty West Erie Condo Assn. - planter
Awning(s) for East Bank Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Affordable Portables
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Asian Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty West Erie Condo Assn. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B Rose Salon and Spa
Awning(s) for Diana's Bridal
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Fresh Finer Foods, Inc.
Awning(s) for KHL Imports Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty West Erie Condo Assn. - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advocate Trinity Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gman Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crossroads Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobile Fuel & Mini Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackstone Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goose Island Wrigleyville
Awning(s) for Nail Secrets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyro Mena
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 75th Exchange Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daniel Pat Odonnell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hertz Rent-A-Car Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dave's Records
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty West Erie Condo Assn. - caissons
Awning(s) for Snuggery/Apartment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Mendelson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Merkle's Bar & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110297
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Field House, The
Awning(s) for Talbott Associates, LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Merkle's Bar & Grill - sign
Awning(s) for TLC Management Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lion Head Pub/The Apartment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Tierra - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110296
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Tierra - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Little Bit Cleaner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Walt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orso's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paper Source
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Bar and Grill Wrigleyville
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110298
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks No. 231
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Health
Awning(s) for Benefit Cosmetics
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Studio Within
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Shannon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110299
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Food - Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snuggery/Apartment - flagpoles
Awning(s) for Field House, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SEE
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency
Awning(s) for General Nutrition Center No. 8239
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snuggery/Apartment - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ultimate Exposure
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yakzie's Bar & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mohamed A. Naser
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wiener's Circle
Awning(s) for L'Occitane, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yakzie's Bar & Grill - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Snuggery/Apartment - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perry's Food Store, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Armando Tire Shop
Awning(s) for Little Bit Cleaner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Husky Hog BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Roman and Associates
Awning(s) for Meatloaf Bakery, The
Awning(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoshi's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ZED 451
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bridgeport Coffee House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swatch Group Les Boutigue (US), Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gas Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America-LaSalle
Awning(s) for River Shannon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Palapa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East LLC c/o Tower Real Estate Services Ltd.
Awning(s) for Sedgwick Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Colletti's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tides At Lake Shore East LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Punky's Pizza and Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 East Delaware Condo Assn. - fences
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tishman Speyer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 East Delaware Condo Assn. - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miska Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 East Delaware Condo Assn. - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tokyo Lunch Boxes & Catering
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 218-226 South Wabash LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teresa Polish Restaurant II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 314 West Superior Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vineyard Vines Retail LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 712 North Dearborn LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Punky's Pizza and Pasta - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Asian Mix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kozy's Cyclery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winston Management Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ricobene's on 26th Street
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sign Options, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 712 North Dearborn LLC - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regent Window Fashions LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zhou B Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1165 Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bobb LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone Tavern & Grill - banner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Super Carniceria El Pollo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone Tavern & Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conrad's Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brownstone Tavern & Grill - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double T Liquors & Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Immediate MD/IMD Management LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fireside Realty, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jonathan Goldsmith/Ginny Beth Sykes Declaration of Trust
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peter Troost Monument Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nadeau Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Popeye's No. 9104
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ted's Custom Cabinets, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spaccanapoli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Top View Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Takito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Transportes Zuleta, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Turner Acceptance Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 355504H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Azteca 39th & Kedzie Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Furama Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Din Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Awning(s) for Gyro Mena
Awning(s) for Hertz Rent-A-Car Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Swedish American Museum
Awning(s) for Hot Mama
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Turkish Cuisine and Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brighton Home Products
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arya A-1 Auto
Awning(s) for Southport Grocery and Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1246 West Pratt LLC
Awning(s) for Starbucks No. 231
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Focal Point LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Adams Apple, Inc.
Awning(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dankha's Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franklin Motor Credit Auto Sales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fast Track Printing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkview Auto Parts, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fish Corner
Awning(s) for Iver C. Johnson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kol Touhy
Awning(s) for Plaza Mini Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petite Elite Academy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Z Ace Hardware
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teddy Bear Nursery Schools, Inc.
Awning(s) for Hands2Create, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teddy Bear Nursery Schools, Inc. - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Smilin' Jim's Saloon
Awning(s) for Bobb LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United Credit Union
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm-Neal Gallo Agency
Awning(s) for Gateway to Learning Special Education and Training Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for USA Auto & Truck
Awning(s) for Neesh by Dar
Awning(s) for Quispi Beauty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Piece Dyers & Finisher
Awning(s) for Spencer's Jolly Posh Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for QR Tax Service
Awning(s) for T. Salon and Gallery LLC
Awning(s) for Transportes Zuleta, Inc.
Awning(s) for B&I Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edna Furniture Outlet
Awning(s) for Lake Shore School
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitzsimmons Surgical Supply
Awning(s) for Northside Federal Savings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Healing Hands Home Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Coin Laundry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldmore Food
Awning(s) for T's Paisans Pizza & Grill II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soo Cleaners
Awning(s) for All for Kids
Awning(s) for Fashion 21 Woman Fashion
Awning(s) for New Image Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Super Mercado Carreta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Children's Center, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Italian Deli - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Julie's
Awning(s) for World Fresh Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Ranchito Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J & Joe's Mechanical Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicky's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supreme Real Estate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Italian Deli - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zia's Trattoria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CB Computer Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Center for Contemporary Dentistry, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nico's Playhouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John's Auto Body/Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lian's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Premier Signs & Awnings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Motel - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salon City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St Pauli's Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ryan Companies U.S., Inc. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Motel - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hebron Imports Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ozco Muffler & Brakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joyful Dental Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. G's Food & Liquor - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. G's Food & Liquor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 47th Street Pharmacy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McGill's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coco Pazzo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Motel & Suites
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Progreso
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Computer Account & Tax Service, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Progreso - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunnyday Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Izalco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Siboney Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andina & Irabagon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital GreenSigns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletico Sports Medicine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Title Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beefy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bohica Tobacco Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garfield Ridge Dentistry Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aurora Sales
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goskand Sports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avis Budget Car Rental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Bar & Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Heavenly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&J Mr. Quick Print
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jacky's Hot Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Chapel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Logan Square Auto Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patrick's Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard-Midway Funeral Home
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omar Jewelry - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rocket Auto Sales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Omar Jewelry - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Owl Bar, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scissors Hands
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Star Communications
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Two Way Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2465
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weaveology
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mounsef International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Odin Tatu
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peoples Gas Light and Coke
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VIP Tire Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pharmacy One
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Rosa Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Santiago's Family Haircut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weber's Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burger Boss
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Chiropractic & Sports Injury Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Flora Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lazy Dog Antiques
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Douglas Park Dollar & Food - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Douglas Park Dollar & Food - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers of Lincoln Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Douglas Park Dollar & Food - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Vinata - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Vinata - light fixtures
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 333 N Dearborn St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 333 N Dearborn St - east elevation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epples Restaurant
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2501 N Western Ave
Awning(s) for Casablanca Hair Salon, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weather Mark Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's - Taylor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Betty Chin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 33 N LaSalle Building/Golub & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. General Services Administration - fiber conduit
Awning(s) for Diag Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo & Santo
Awning(s) for Chicagoland Distributors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Awning(s) for Mr. Paul A. Parenteau
Canopy(s) for Teresa Polish Restaurant II
Awning(s) for Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Champion Laundromat, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Oz LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Coast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K&A Coin Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Late Bar
Canopy(s) for El Barco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City Hand Car Wash
Canopy(s) for Walgreens No. 2877
Awning(s) for New Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Old Town Services Corp.
Canopy(s) for Extra Space Storage
Canopy(s) for Arch View Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Glitz Car Wash on Chicago, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1734 W 47th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5361 N Harlem Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Time Out Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 63rd & Cottage Currency Exchange, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Santorini
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Style Cleaners & Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ag-Ocg 360 N Michigan LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4357 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7435 W Talcott Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2245 W Pershing Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4658 S California Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4646 S Damen Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 611 W Roosevelt Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2000 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3026 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4700 N Kedzie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1551 N Sheffield Ave - App No. 100521270
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1551 N Sheffield Ave - App No. 100521269
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1717 S Prairie Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Americash Loans LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Sunday
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Essex Inn LLC
Canopy(s) for Serona Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cortland's Garage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers-West Loop LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floriole Bakery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers-South Loop LLC - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gallery Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hideout
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2527
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letiza's Natural Bakery/Enoteca Roma
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza House 1647
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riverview Tavern/Robey Pizza Co. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Seven Ten/Atlas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Falcon, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Alps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home2Design LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Real Estate Operations
Awning(s) for State Farm
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber
Awning(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lady Gregory's
Awning(s) for Life Storage Centers-South Loop LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Juan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norwood Restaurant, The
Awning(s) for Julius McCoy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella! Bacino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bijan Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A.P. Deli Restaurant Group, Inc.
Awning(s) for Danish Maid Butter Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bub City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freddies
Awning(s) for Impallaria Construction
Awning(s) for International Studio Unisex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Public Media, Inc.
Awning(s) for Rodriquez & Flores-Szeto LLC
Awning(s) for Garifuna Flava Caribbean Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butch Mc Guire's, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carmine's Clam House, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pollo Feliz
Awning(s) for Crystal's Unisex
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Centro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - privilege Number 1110910
Awning(s) for Costa Azul Travel
Awning(s) for Manuel Perez, Jr Post 1017
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Los Pancho's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill - privilege Number 1110914
Awning(s) for Patterson Consultant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Sports Bar & Grill, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doc B's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Downtown Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InsureOne
Awning(s) for 9705 Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Elite Hair Changers & Spa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crescendo - door swings
Awning(s) for Lululemon Athletica
Awning(s) for Funnel LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crescendo - duct
Awning(s) for Golftec Halsted Row
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crescendo - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Heaven's Morning Cleaners & Fashion, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holiday Inn Express Mag Mile Cass
Awning(s) for Smoque BBQ
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hubbard Inn
Awning(s) for Ellipsis Coffeehouse LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Icing No. 3742
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 Morgan LLC - cornice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 Morgan LLC - roof overhang
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothchild Liquors - 118 S Cicero Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothchild Liquors - 3015 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's-Clark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Big Teddy Bear Ins.- sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JBC/155 Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's-Jackson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's-Ohio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harmony Rising Life Acupuncture & Herbal
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's-Washington
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joe Fish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kerryman, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers of Lincoln Park LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinzie St Chop House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mylor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Colonial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Luxbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences at River East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 5 W Ontario St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Sandwich
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Virgin Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 227 Monroe Street, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vin Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for M Burger - 161 E Huron St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Declan's Irish Pub - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Half Italian
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Declan's Irish Pub - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K and S Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nacional 27
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Galleria Liqueurs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for As Time Goes By II Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ja' Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zee's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lion Head Pub/The Apartment
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amstar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Addison Food & Liquor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kathy De's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrence Funeral Home
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Line/Wafel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Budget Construction Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Pancake House, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K&A Accounting Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express No. 299
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Pawn of Chicago No. 3
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express, Inc. No. 1102
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Petterino's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kolbus-John V. May Funeral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nottoli Italian Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pippin's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quartino
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Streeters Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Su Casa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 7709
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 24453
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway No. 51581
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sullivan's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunda
Canopy(s) for Lawndale Food Market
Canopy(s) for ARRP Trucking & Haulinh
Canopy(s) for Goodman Theatre, The
Canopy(s) for 161 Chicago Ave East Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Declan's Irish Pub
Canopy(s) for Presence Saint Elizabeth Hospital
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spinney's Super Market, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bais Yaakov School
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bangers & Lace
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Janik's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jerry's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milk & Honey Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for SmallBar Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beer Bistro, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chef Luciano
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kasey's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panda Express No. 2012
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao -175 W Jackson Blvd
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Bionda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avenue N Guitars LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Overflow Coffee Bar, L3C
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Levelz Style Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles Etc
Awning(s) for Paulys Pizzaria Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Norman's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kusanya Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fiesta Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Spystore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cobra Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1017 North Wood Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J.P. Graziano Grocery Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fournette LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mahoney's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Quebrada No. 3, Inc.
Awning(s) for AH Financial, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins Togo's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edwardo's Pizza
Awning(s) for F&R Liquors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perez Shoes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant - privilege Number 1110571
Awning(s) for Taqueria Y Tortilleeria Atotonilco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant - privilege Number 1110659
Awning(s) for Zips Car Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Care Gental Dental Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Loop Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wendy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - privilege Number 1110676
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cremeria Santa Maria, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manuel Perez Jr. Post 1017
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - privilege Number 1110675
Awning(s) for Fidelity National Title
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger, Inc. - privilege Number 1110674
Awning(s) for Popcorn Asylum, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Erie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Country Financial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gibsons Steak House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elite Hair Changers & Spa - light fixtures
Awning(s) for La Cabana De Don Luis No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hannahs Bretzel 180 W Washington LLC
Awning(s) for Lucky Vito's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elite Hair Changers & Spa - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel - privilege Number 1110860
Awning(s) for Adelina R. Moya, M.D.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Obbies Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hard Rock Hotel - privilege Number 1110930
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Houlihan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soukal Floral Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broasted Chicken Royale
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub 51/SUb 51
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cananas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forest Glen Animal Hospital 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Casa Student Housing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mandarin Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackie O's Beauty Salon MGL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jefferson Tap and Grille and the Loft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Insurance Service Consultants, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Y Tortilleeria Atotonilco
Awning(s) for Colletti's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wintime
Awning(s) for Law Office of Michael A. Perez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid City Subaru
Awning(s) for Cash America Pawn of Chicago No. 3
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Decibel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ARRP Trucking & Haulinh
Awning(s) for Goosefoot Food & Wine
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Wax Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Junes Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Pawners & Jewelers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameera Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mark II Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Community Savings Bank - 4824 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Siam Pasta Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Community Savings Bank - 4801 W Belmont Ave
Awning(s) for Domino's Pizza
Awning(s) for Dearborn Plaza Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American National Bank and Trust U/T 120196-0-0
Awning(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aqua Realty Holding Company LLC
Awning(s) for Sprouts Academy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barbour
Awning(s) for Crossroads Trading
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boker Investment Management, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Crab, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commercial ATM Enterprises
Awning(s) for Ja' Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 401 Morgan LLC - building projection
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sunny Side Up
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tempo Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Weber Grill Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wow Bao -1 W Wacker Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Egg Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 25 Degrees
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Adobo Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Annette's Italian Ice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Margot
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Catering, Chocolate
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corcoran's Grill & Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam 'N Honey
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Station
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Jerusalem Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orso's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pars Cove East
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranalli's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for River Shannon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garifuna Flava Caribbean Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stanley's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twin Anchors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bad Apple, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bernie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bobtail Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bulerias, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Kitchen & Bar City Dough City
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Dearkin Res LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gio's Sports Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mediterranean Grill & Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cesar's on Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monty Gaels Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cullen's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rail Bar & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Last Bay Beer Company LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mista Pizza LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Shaughnessy's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mystic Celt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spaccanapoli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newport Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yogurt Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pick Me Up Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather Restaurant Granville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Broadway Cellars
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolucion Steak House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Burger Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burke's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sluggers Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mas Alla Del Sol
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport Lanes, Inc. - Privilege No. 1110907
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Metropolis Coffee Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trader Todd's Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Uncommon Ground
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughan's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wilde
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windy City Sweets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vaughans Pub - Privilege No. 1110887
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Chicks, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tweet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dearborn I LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1958 W 35th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 977 W Cermak Rd
Canopy(s) for Grand Ohio Condo Assn., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 2877
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 226
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns - sign (east elevation wall)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns - sign (southeast elevation wall)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Firecakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09000 - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fontanella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Greensigns - sign (west elevation wall)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lisa Lende - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Radiant Outdoor - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accelerated Rehabilitation Centers
Canopy(s) for Sluggers
Canopy(s) for Iyanze
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labriola Bakery Cafe - Privilege No. 1116060
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3219 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3407 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 N Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3122 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8127 S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2112 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5223 N Lincoln Ave - 119 ft
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5223 N Lincoln Ave - 255 ft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Department of Central Management Services
Awning(s) for Coco Pazzo
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfredo's Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash America Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Mexico Moderno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gallery/Society for Arts 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Animal Hospital 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milwaukee & Division LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Naty's Pizza No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alliance Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Papa Jin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sierra Auto Group, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Anthem, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azzurra Enotavola
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boundary, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Carriage House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MBA Enterprises 3, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sharks Fish-Chicken
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fame
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Park Highland Association
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Willy's Rib Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 71st & Jeffery Currency Exchange 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Innjoy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothschild Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mana Food Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Willa's Fifty Yard Line
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Modern Asian Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Brown's Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charles A. Cathey, Jr. Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oiistar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hoe Toy Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paladar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta on Division
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Restaurant, Veneno De Nayarit
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freddies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoke Daddy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2636
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sultan's Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swig
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Unite Grill LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Carducci La Sorella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pancho Pistolas Mexican Restaurant - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Central Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tierra Caliente, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Asian Outpost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Javin, Inc. - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Javin, Inc. - security camera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beggar's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&L Hardware Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Chapel - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's - 343 S Dearborn St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainforest Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brando's - 338 S Plymouth Ct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Chapel - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cactus Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago DQ Grill & Chill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cash American Jewelry & Loan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Iman
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Tavern of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Congress Hotel, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogies Food, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts Baskin-Robbins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eleven City Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavanderia El Sol
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fontano Subs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Royal Furnishings & Novelties
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Franklin Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sherwin Williams Co., No. 3860, The
Canopy(s) for Milwaukee & Division LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mufflers 4 Less
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for USA Muffler & Brake
Awning(s) for Mana Food Bar
Awning(s) for Naty's Pizza No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Animal Welfare League
Awning(s) for Alejandro Buchancow
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Whiteside Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for Paula & Monica's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for University of Aesthetics/Touch Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Star Certified, Inc. - light fixtures
Canopy(s) for 1612 Chicago Adventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Five Star Certified, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Colleen Flood Seng
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pretty Lady African Hair
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hackney's Printers' Row
Awning(s) for Blackie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cantina Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alfredo Linares, Sr.
Canopy(s) for Palmer Printing, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rainbow Shop No. 361
Awning(s) for Cullerton Valet Cleaners
Canopy(s) for 175 Jackson LLC
Awning(s) for Dogs Day Inn Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 1004
Awning(s) for J&B Signs
Awning(s) for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Progreso
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Brandi
Awning(s) for Herdegen Brieske Funeral Home
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Awning(s) for Hudson Home
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 542 S Dearborn St
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Awning(s) for Journey Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Hardware - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 175 W Jackson Blvd
Awning(s) for Rios De Sudamerica
Awning(s) for Oscar Hinojosa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1459 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Hardware - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for All Seasons Car Wash, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Loop Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camino Real
Awning(s) for Charles A Cathey, Jr. Insurance Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loop Auto Parks Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le Paris Bakery No. 2, Inc.
Canopy(s) for CHL Properties LLC
Awning(s) for Rob's Cigar Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Square Dental Clinic
Awning(s) for Christian Undertaker Services, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 282
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parkside Chapel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2234
Awning(s) for Kedzie Venture LLC
Awning(s) for Ron's Gold Shop
Canopy(s) for Express Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army-Midway Counseling Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamarind
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Umai
Awning(s) for Martinez & Bentancourt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wabash Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zapatista
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for F&R Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for All Pro Cleaners
Canopy(s) for Aztecas Mufflers & Brakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Payless Muffler Brake
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pilsen Venture Associaes LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thalia Hall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for UPS Store No. 5608, The
Canopy(s) for Tierra Caliente, Inc.
Awning(s) for Foto Quetzal
Canopy(s) for Gisell Fashion
Awning(s) for Antonia Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Dog Room, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Ferrara, Inc.
Awning(s) for Emerald Isle
Awning(s) for Bridgeport Pasty LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magic Food, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tapas Valancia
Awning(s) for China Wok
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Pena
Canopy(s) for IMAN
Awning(s) for Global Digital Wireless
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Community Savings Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldmart Co.
Awning(s) for Salon Max
Awning(s) for Elephant & Castle Pub & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A10
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Illinois Vehicle Insurance Agency
Awning(s) for Alex Auto Parts, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kilwins Chocolates & Fudge
Awning(s) for Dana Hotel and Spa
Canopy(s) for H&R Block
Awning(s) for MRI of River North
Awning(s) for Supermercado El Ranchito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders - door swings
Awning(s) for El Publano
Canopy(s) for Rachel's Learning Center, Ltd.
Awning(s) for Prosecco
Awning(s) for Salon Nueva Imagen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders - step
Awning(s) for Frenchy Towel Laundry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Capri
Awning(s) for Sabon
Awning(s) for Ogies Food, Inc.
Canopy(s) for CVS/Pharmacy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sit Down, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Barbershop LLC
Awning(s) for Social Twenty Five
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 226
Awning(s) for Final Kutz
Awning(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crate & Barrel
Awning(s) for Mother's Touch Day Care
Canopy(s) for Design Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Da Vinci Vision Boutique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salonica Restaurant
Awning(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Drybar
Awning(s) for Hinky-Dinks Pub
Awning(s) for Taza
Canopy(s) for Hyatt Chicago Magnificent Mile
Awning(s) for 134 N LaSalle LLC
Awning(s) for Janet's Community Daycare
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kaleidokids
Awning(s) for Lincoln C Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacardi at the Park
Canopy(s) for Shaw's Crab House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Avenue Properties LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bridgeport Coffee House, Inc.
Awning(s) for Lincoln Park Presbyterian Church
Awning(s) for K.L.E.O. Community Family Life Center
Awning(s) for Elisa
Canopy(s) for Knecht Chiropractic Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard's Body Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thong Auto Service & Body
Awning(s) for Luciano's Grocery-18th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turtles
Awning(s) for Shipping and Beyond
Awning(s) for Beauty Nails, Inc.
Awning(s) for South Central Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Velasquez & Sons, Inc.
Awning(s) for Dexter Lock Service
Awning(s) for Bank of America-LaSalle
Awning(s) for Giordano's on Belmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wireless Expertz
Awning(s) for Looseleaf Lounge
Awning(s) for Mad-California Medical Center
Awning(s) for Moonlight Studios, Inc.
Awning(s) for Primo's Chicago Pizza
Awning(s) for M2 Boutique
Awning(s) for Subway
Awning(s) for RS Retail LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Solazo
Awning(s) for People Play Games
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread No. 933
Awning(s) for Slade's Barbershop, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Duseks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Guerrero's Tacos and Pizza
Awning(s) for Tanuki
Awning(s) for Wrigleyville Chiropractic and Massage
Awning(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Aberdeen Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Cheval
Awning(s) for E Wok Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Belly Q/Urban Belly II
Awning(s) for Illinois Home Improvement Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cross Roads Bar & Grill, The
Awning(s) for Cork Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostino's II
Awning(s) for Broadway Cellars
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Farmhouse
Awning(s) for Edgewater Fitness Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grange Hall Burger Bar
Awning(s) for Tamales Lo Mejor De Guerrero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Awning(s) for 92 Cents Plus
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hashbrowns on Wells
Awning(s) for Rogers Park Florist
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 272
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2515
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2370
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Isabella
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sully's House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarantino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 15683
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinyl Social Food & Drink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tarascas International
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volare
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinci
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 437 Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avenue Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big & Little's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee & Tea Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Bliss
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crosby's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D'Agostinos Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Deleece
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Mercado Food Mart
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos 3
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Diggity Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hutch
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jersey Mike's Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kumas Too
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leona's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mad River Bar & Grille
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mini Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milt's BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monsignor Murphy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Tree Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo of Broadway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Long's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panes Bread Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Cares
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sensational Bites, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sports Corner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 227
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 231
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tango Sur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troy Mediterranean Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Targelia's Hair Care
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wood
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yoshi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McNamara's Food & Drinks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MCM Pub & Liquors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2568
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Cat
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Finley Mahony's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Food Town
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jake's Pup in the Ruf, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael's Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza Rustica, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2335
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Haymarket Brewing Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J Patrick's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Juicy Wine Co., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Goat Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Feevha Fitness, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martinez & Bentancourt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maude's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Masada
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11719
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14433
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suite Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burger King 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blue Star Insurance and Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O. G's Food & Liquor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Conte Di Savoia, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citgo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Czerwone Jabluszko Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Art of Chicken, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Groot Industries Incorporated
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlays on the Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Folklore
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frasca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for George's Hot Dog
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Apple Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lottie's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marshfield Urban Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Monkey's Paw, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nando Milano Trattoria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silver Cloud
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2369
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Beef Restaurant - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 14256
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Al's Beef Restaurant - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Temple Bar, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wicker Basket Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brioni
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pitchfork Food & Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camco - banners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8954
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camco - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camco - security cameras
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abbey Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Castle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Con Leche D' Noche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Scents Flowers Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Cid Tacos No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dublin Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee and Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bellevue LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eric Janssen, as Court Appointed Receiver
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lafarine Bakery No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fogo De Chao Churrascaria (Chicago) LLC - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reno
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fogo De Chao Churrascaria (Chicago) LLC - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Abram Gale
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Prague
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jet's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GLL Properties 444 North Michigan LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martino's Italian Cuisine & Pizzeria, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Icing No. 3742
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Mac's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta D'Arte
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Interpak - 17 E Adams St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13522
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 230 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Emerald Isle on Peterson
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kerryman, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Merlo on Maple
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ranalli's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2310
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prosecco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 5077 Kiko Meat Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Purple Pig, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reit Management & Research LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for RL
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Touche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saks Fifth Avenue
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Firewater Saloon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Clair & Grand Garage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tides at Lake Shore East LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wacker GP, Inc. & TDC Canada Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven 33725A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 20 East Bellevue LLC - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 20 East Bellevue LLC - revolving door
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 134 N LaSalle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Astor Tower Condominium Association
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Ba Ba Reeba
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domino's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hema's Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Lincoln Park Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B. Rose Salon and Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Galleria Liqueurs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grammaphone Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Matsuya Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Au Bon Pain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Toma
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mystic Celt
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bellwether Meeting House & Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Relish the Thought
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd. - steps
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackfinn Ameripub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Frog's Local 22
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salt & Pepper Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Slaymaker Gallery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bottlefork
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sweet Baby Ray's Wrigleyville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brehon Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for True Value Hardware
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burrito Beach No. 8
Sidewalk cafe(s) for CH Distillery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fil-A State & Lake
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dillman's Delicatessen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd. - security cameras
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Doc B's Fresh Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for D4 Irish Pub & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3505
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3620
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flaco's Tacos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gilt Bar/Doughnut Vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baraka Auto Sales, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gino's East Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GT Fish & Oysters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L A Fit, LA Fitness and Pro Results
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nil Tap, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Star Laundry and Cleaner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Woks Cool Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unique Travel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Embellish
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riccardo Enoteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lavazza Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fast Super Buritto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Market Brassiere
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Local, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 1120 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - 439 N Wells St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford Lawrence LLC - balconies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lyfe Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford Lawrence LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sears Roebuck & Co. 1010
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Shore Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K.R.K. International Corporation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercadito Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercer 113
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morton's Steakhouse-Wacker Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr. Submarine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naf Naf Grill - 326 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naf Naf Grill - 309 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for NIU
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Declan's Irish Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pastoral
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patron's Hacienda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dinkel's Bakery, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pittsfield Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Edge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laschet's Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pops for Champagne
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sierra Corporation
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1200
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 57 E Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Lincoln Square
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 545 W Madison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 3426
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works - 200 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piggery, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 114
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 508 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glunz Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockwell's Neighborhood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glascott's Groggery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 1 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 277 E Ontario St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC - 190 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works No. 100
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slim's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Homeslyce Wheel House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Southport and Irving
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2378
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies on Wells, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Burger Saloon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2491
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sticky Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pour House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Trullo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perennial
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Troquet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works at 959 W Diversey Pkwy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Agami Japanese Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Plum Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prosecco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crew Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Anixter Center - 1920 N Magnolia Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kopi, a Traveler's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Protein Bar - 221 W Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nookies Cafe & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Purple Pig, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Quay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patio Beef, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RA Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roka Akor/Bombay Spice Grill and Wine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sayat Nova
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 123 N Jefferson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sepia - 135 N Jefferson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sopraffina/Cicchetti
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Noodle Pho Xe Tang
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee - 600 N State St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tedino's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincent
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 11751
Sidewalk cafe(s) for R Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 225
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 236
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Towbar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leland Limited Partnership
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 204
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Samba
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2401
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavernita
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2484
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 206
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table Fifty-Two
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2510
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2545
Sidewalk cafe(s) for TGI Friday's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 8972
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni Patisserie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tradition
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 10955
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13468
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 13710
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4812 S Pulaski Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Awning(s) for Crate & Barrel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lou Mitchell's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holsten Management Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Awake Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Select 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7158 S Stony Island Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 Canal St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4812 S Pulaski Rd 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4812 S Pulaski Rd 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pony Inn, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 N Western Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2950 N Western Ave - 107 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2558 S Damen Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 731 W Sheridan Rd 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soulcycle - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cuisine on Chicago Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gaudi Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GEB
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hutch - door swing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sol Del Sur
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4537 S Archer Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 S Clinton St - Sign D2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 S Clinton St - D1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 S Clinton St - B2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1133 S Clinton St - B1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1120 S Canal St - A1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1120 S Canal St - A2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2134 N Western Ave - 110.70 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2134 N Western Ave - 148 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1856 W Chicago Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 600 N Michigan Ave - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2058 W Chicago Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2333 N Seeley Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1820 W Webster Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaipur
Awning(s) for Zero One One, P.C.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela Breakfast Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Machu Picchu Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margies Candies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for That Little Mexican Cafe II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melao Latin Cuisine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Common Cup, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Growling Rabbit A Cafe, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New England Seafood Company Fish Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mayne Stage/Act One Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Donovan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Star Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sola Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tank Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiny
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yin Dee Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 42 N Latitude
Awning(s) for Ruk Sushi and Thai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unite Grill LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Club, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fitness Formula Clubs - Union Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresenius Medical Care Polk Dialysis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ion Media Networks, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pauly's Pizzaria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Printers Row Wine Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Loop Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 303 Madison
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 328 S Jefferson Chicago SG LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Antwuan Scott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Reilly Auto Parts No. 3386
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ace Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amelia's Authentic Mexican Cuisine - duct
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amelia's Authentic Mexican Cuisine - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ameila's Authentic Mexican Cuisine - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AGC West Town Center Owner LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alcala's Western Wear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arauz & Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hollywood Cleaners, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Richard B. Kaiser
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silom12
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WPA3 LLC - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for WPA3 LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1761 W Augusta LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 18th & Wabash Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domino's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Park Highland Association
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for JR Dessert Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bend Yoga and Movement Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Falcon Repair, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Falcon Repair, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Waldo Cooney's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garfield Ashland Currency Exchange LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hong Kong Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MHF Chicago MC IV LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixty Six O One Club - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harry's Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Topp-Topp & Strong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Centro Medico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for San Rafael Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Danny's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cermak Auto Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plaza Food & Liquor - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plaza Food & Liquor - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese Christian Union Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for OCP-RERC Morgan LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brett's Kitchen Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Busy Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Journeys No. 326
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-Trendz Auto & Truck Accessory Shoppe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bull & Bear
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kinmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Anthony D. Louras & Associates Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Simone's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bella Rudnick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vernon Park Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shake Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawry's The Prime Rib
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Del Seoul
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Cycle LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McClurg Court Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Club Lago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Spa LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intelligentsia Coffee and Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coco Pazzo Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lavender Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mept McClurg Court LLC - 600 N McClurg Ct
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ay! Mami
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lululemon Athletica
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Beetle Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pure Barre - Chicago Old Town
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mept McClurg Court LLC - 330-350 E Ohio St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranalli's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Continental Lounge, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for SisGroup2 LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Plena Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Mondschein Architecture
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 676 N St. Clair St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - 200 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Title Boxing Club - Lincoln Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 1121 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - 163 E Pearson St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 224 S Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - 112 E Wacker Dr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 120 S LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Tap
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 360 N Michigan Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. Gyros, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Awake Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burton Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 188 W Washington St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mr. 312, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireplace Inn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 56 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Naf Naf Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Girl & the Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Native Foods Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kaiser Tiger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 35 E Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Apartment Finders
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Kitchen & Bar City Dough City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - irrigation systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark-Briar P&A LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - tree grate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark-Briar P&A LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cyrano's Bistrot and Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Halsted Limited Partnership
Sidewalk cafe(s) for David Burke's Primehouse
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harala X11-Belmont LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NV Penthouse Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Sirena Clandestina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Gino's East of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Espressamente Illy/Cityfront Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lone Wolf
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pick Me Up Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macello Ristorante
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Select Cut Steakhouse - banners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Expression Lavazza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prosecco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Friends Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Renaissance Chicago Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fado Irish Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Holdings LLC c/o Jenel Management Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Self Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Select Cut Steakhouse - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frontera Grill/Topolobampo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sunny Side Up
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matchbox, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks No. 231
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Next Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Talbott Hotel, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wheel House Wrigleyville, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gage, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nini's Groceries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 618 Roscoe Building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tea Gschwendner - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nohea Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3406 Sheffield LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's on Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tea Gschwendner - signs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Perez Mexican Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Porkchop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ten Perfect Nails & Spa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Publican, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Talay
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Club of Chicago - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Talay
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill on the Alley, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tete Charcuterie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Club of Chicago - vaults
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 134 N LaSalle LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash House a Go Go
Sidewalk cafe(s) for West Loop Salumi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 1154 Fulton Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Henri LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick's Meat Corp. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - subway connection
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Burnham/Atwood Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oak Street Health
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 55 W Wacker Owners Assn., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eden Supportive Living
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hotel Monaco
Canopy(s) for ES Electronic Services
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hubbard Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glenn's Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laschet's Inn - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Laschet's Inn - security camera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Vienna & Catering, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago - Privilege No. 1111719
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nothing Like It - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chez Moi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Switchfast Technology
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago - Privilege No. 1111730
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wilcox Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Queen Beauty Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for J. Rocco Italian Table & Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delightful Pastries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Progress Press, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gemini Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fast Entertainment, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny's Beef & Gyros
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sol De Mexico Tierra Azteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beograd Meat Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lincoln Park Stadium Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leader Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Kacheton
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marge's Still
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buona Terra Ristorante
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gioco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fat Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nine Classic Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ground Control Restaurant LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 10 E Delaware Pl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Heavenly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Pizza Pub
Awning(s) for Bistro Grand - Privilege No. 1105852
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Augie's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Refinery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi and Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jam
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3179 N Clark St - 144 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Riccardo Enoteca
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ipsento
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lula Cafe
Awning(s) for Bistro Grand - Privilege No. 1111073
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Masa Azul
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beat Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sapori
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Parts and Labor
Awning(s) for Euro Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bentley Tavern, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shine Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scofflaw
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tacos Tequilas
Awning(s) for Moses Butcher Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Swirlz Cupcakes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien - 135 N Clinton St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flagship Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geo. Nottoli & Son, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Floyd's Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pink Krokodile Cafe
Awning(s) for Subway 26445
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl Noodle, Rice and Bubble Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lizzie McNeills
Awning(s) for Bub City
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Cafe
Awning(s) for Chipotle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Baker, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Macy's
Awning(s) for Forever 21
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joe's Wine Cellar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wells on Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitsch'n on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lillie's Q
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Magnolia Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for BB Bun Mi Express
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mastro's Steakhouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi & Co.
Awning(s) for Giordano's on Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McFadden's
Awning(s) for InterPark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MM.Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buena Vista Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Med Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Once Upon a Bakery
Awning(s) for Original Gino's East of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fishbar
Canopy(s) for Grand Food & Liquor, Inc.
Awning(s) for Paris Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mike Ditka's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Orange on Roscoe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Martini Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pat's Pizzaria
Awning(s) for Peninsula Chicago LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Suparossa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moe's Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flub A Dub Chub's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sutherland's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicken Works and Salad Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frog N Snail
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Filonek's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for My Thai - Takumi Restaurant
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2230
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Awning(s) for Tea Gschwendner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nico
Awning(s) for Westin River North Chicago Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melanthios
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Omni Chicago Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Renaldi's Pizza
Awning(s) for Eganvance Insurance Agency, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rise Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patsy's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Stella's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piazza Bella Osteria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oysy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe-Damen, Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for P J Clarke's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S&G Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pearl Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wheel House Wrigleyville, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pelago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pepper Canister, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Turquoise Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yango's Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Volo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zizi's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes/Gold Coast Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City News
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Popeyes Chicken
Awning(s) for New Leaf, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoque BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bel-Ami Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Burger Philosophy, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Angelina Ristorante
Awning(s) for Papa John's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ellipsis Coffeehouse LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pranzi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar on Buena, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fireside Pub, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Holiday Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hub's Gyros II, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Awning(s) for Roam
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Huey's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Inspiration Kitchens Uptown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's River North
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schoolyard Tavern and Grill
Awning(s) for State Farm
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Barba Yianni Taverna, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bartoli's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocks Lakeview
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti Mediterranean Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wrigley BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitchen Sink
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roti 200 West Randolph LLC
Awning(s) for Chicago Comics
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siena Tavern
Awning(s) for Graham Crackers Comics
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Slurping Turtle Restaurant
Awning(s) for Mullen's on Clark
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Awning(s) for Security Shop, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee 18013
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Subway
Awning(s) for Snuggles Cleaners
Awning(s) for Sleepy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Taiyo/Izakaya Hapa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern at the Park
Canopy(s) for Juliana
Awning(s) for Gill Park Cooperative
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Gourmet Subs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tre Soldi
Awning(s) for PB Maltz LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vapiano
Awning(s) for Chicago Sub & Grill, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Via Veneto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Walgreens No. 15921
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wit, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xando Coffee & Bar/Cosi Sandwich Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 312 Chicago
Awning(s) for Long Room, The
Awning(s) for M&M Financial Consulting, Inc.
Awning(s) for Blue Buddha Boutique
Awning(s) for Rocky's Tacos
Awning(s) for Sacred Heart Schools
Awning(s) for Farmers Zabiha Halal Meat, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Browntrout
Awning(s) for McKellin's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Restaurant Art
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny Brown Bag
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Selmarie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celtic Crown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadway Liquors & Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pauline's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner 41 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Costello's Sandwiches
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A Taste of Heaven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Endgrain
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Bryn Mawr
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence of India
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fin Sushi Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fork
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Garcia's Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glenn's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Tour Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le's Pho
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pete's Pizza & Bakehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hacienda La Amistad
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Julius Meinl
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ras Dashen Ethiopian Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reza's Andersonville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2635
Canopy(s) for Czerwone Jabluszko Restaurant
Awning(s) for Budget Rent-A-Car System, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 630 N Rush St - south elevation 106 feet
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lock Up Storage Centers, The
Canopy(s) for Amazing Lock Service, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antique Taco
Awning(s) for Harrison Partners LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Bar Black Sheep
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Breakfast House Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Fitzgeralds Martial Arts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2234
Awning(s) for Ace Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crocodile, The
Awning(s) for Bridgeport Herbs & Vitamins
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Easy Bar
Canopy(s) for Apple Bite Mart
Awning(s) for Harmony Health
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sports Corner - cornices
Awning(s) for J&J Soft Car Wash, Inc.
Awning(s) for Nana
Canopy(s) for Teavana No. 21920
Awning(s) for Pedro Heredia Designs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Falafel & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monami Mobil No. 2, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fifty/50, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Star Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Alter Group, a.k.a. DP Leasehold (Illinois) LLC - Privilege No. 1111524
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moonshine
Awning(s) for Beginners Depot Child and Family Development Center
Canopy(s) for Alter Group, a.k.a. DP Leasehold (Illinois) LLC - Privilege No. 1111670
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nori Chicago
Awning(s) for State Farm Insurance
Canopy(s) for Bar Toma
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pier 1 Imports - doorswing
Awning(s) for 6 Degrees
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe - 412 S Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Artists Cafe - 1150 S Wabash Ave
Awning(s) for Eagle Fruit & Grocery Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackstone Hotel
Awning(s) for Law Offices of June J. Htun
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pier 1 Imports - step
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caribou Coffee Co., Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Hilton & Towers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Flo & Santo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quimby's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tile Shop, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tripoli Tavern - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tripoli Tavern - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Weed-Sheffield LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cosi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Republic Bank of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 24 Karrots
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charcoal Delight, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ABC Choice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for CrossTown Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bongprint.com
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kitty O'Shea's Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sprague Distributing Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Humboldt Park Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 516 - 518 N Leavitt Condo Assn. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CrossRoads Bar & Grill, The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CrossRoads Bar & Grill, The - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for People's Gas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sport Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Park Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 35978H
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1338 W Huron LLC
Canopy(s) for Hankewych & Associates, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Storage III
Canopy(s) for Congress Plaza Hotel & Convention Center, The
Canopy(s) for First American Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Promotions & Advertising, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Canopy(s) for Ifanca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Winter Globe
Canopy(s) for NW Congress Center Owner LLC
Canopy(s) for Oxxford Clothes, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Lake Park Associates
Canopy(s) for Lago Cook Supply
Canopy(s) for Dalita Brito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Analogue
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Car Outlet, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Ocp-Rerc Morgan, LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Drybar
Canopy(s) for Great American Bagel Enterprises, Inc., The
Canopy(s) for Richard's Bar - Privilege No. 1111587
Canopy(s) for Richard's Bar - Privilege No. 1111590
Canopy(s) for Garcia Properties, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cozy Corner Diner and Pancake House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Appliance
Awning(s) for El Ranchito Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O&W Enterprises
Canopy(s) for Doc B's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa Jin
Awning(s) for Pulliam Financial Services
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Property Company Commercial, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Penny's Noodle Shop III
Canopy(s) for Russian Tea Time
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizza-Metro
Awning(s) for Cremeria Santa Maria, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prasino
Awning(s) for Don Pepe Carnes En Su Jugo
Awning(s) for All In One Hair Studios
Canopy(s) for 250 E. Pearson Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Plaza Food & Liquor
Awning(s) for Coffee Alley, The
Awning(s) for Emperor's Choice Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Mango
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Square
Awning(s) for Seven Treasures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roots Handmade Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starfruit Cafe
Awning(s) for Flores Del Amor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Takito Kitchen
Awning(s) for Let's All Vape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tecalitlan
Awning(s) for Gardner School, The
Awning(s) for Midway Storage III
Awning(s) for New Communications, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Awning(s) for Cat and Mouse Game Store, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Trattoria Ultimo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ugly Mug Cafe
Awning(s) for Custom Eyes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wormhole, The
Awning(s) for Dr. Bohdan Bilas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arezzo Jewelers, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nesh Mediterranean Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Fifth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - floodlights
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Poag Mahone's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belmonte Liquors - security cameras
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofi LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marcelo Hand Car Wash, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Third Rail Tavern
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&J Coin Laundry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 175 Sopraffina Market Caffe LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Avec
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alter Group, a.k.a. DP Leasehold (Illinois) LLC, The - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackbird
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Automotive Discount Services, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boarding House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TCC Com
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alter Group, a.k.a. DP Leasehold (Illinois) LLC, The - tree grate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amalfi Hotel Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zaleski & Horvath Marketcafe, Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bombay Wraps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beatrix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Buffalo Wings and Rings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burrito Beach
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freddies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chef Burger Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kathy De's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coffee Studio, The - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chipotle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ticket Chest Corp., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Edgewater, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nana
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fuss Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harvestime Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dynaprop XX111: 11 West Illinois LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Scoops Chicago, Inc., The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potsticker House, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eataly
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 26th Street Sugar Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eleven Hundred LLC - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eleven Hundred LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Rush - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Rush - window and frame
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coffee Studio, The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar on Buena, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MetroPCS Authorized Dealer
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bar Cocina
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5625 W Montrose Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 29726J
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bullhead Cantina
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hunter & Tails
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 116-120 Chestnut Properties LLC - occupation of spaces
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jupiter Realty Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block 14076
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tavern on Littlefort - flagpoles
Canopy(s) for 1910 South Michigan Condo Assn., The
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1255 W North Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison Street
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Commonwealth
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Best Western River North Hotel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Augie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Birrieria Y Taqueria Lopez (for 16th Ward)
Awning(s) for Giordano's on Belmont 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Juncture, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Walton on the Park South Condo Assn.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4500 W Ann Lurie Pl
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3460 N Broadway - 204 sq.ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7743 S Cicero Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2233 W Division St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at W 76th and S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11139 S Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1717 S Prairie Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3460 N Broadway - 113 sq. ft.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pompei
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Streets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lillie's Q
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Caminos De Michoacan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Boss Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paciugo Roscoe Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cuernavaca Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yen's Mandarin Chinese Rest
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Que Rico Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 2 N LaSalle St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rapidito
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Grocers
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sal's Deli
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Baci - 20 N Michigan Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Schubas Tavern/Harmony Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City News
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Cake
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Siboney Cuban Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria El Palmar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monroe Manor Condo Assn. c/o Heil, Heil, Smart & Golee
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Restaurant - concrete walls
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Celeste
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pls Check Cashers-Cermak Damen 24 Hour Currency Ex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lycee Francais De Chicago, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chick-Fli-A
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Restaurant - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northcenter Chamber of Commerce
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Courtyard by Marriott
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southport and Irving
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crepe Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Bikes NFP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bikram Yoga Andersonville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 211 W Adams St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Golden Nugget
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 27 W Lake St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - 3659 S Ashland Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Hefe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Bucharest Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hernandez Enterprises, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pie Cafe LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Miramar Travel Services
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tamales Garibay
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Aztek Automotive
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carpet Concepts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fabcakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Mix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Firecakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Discount Meat Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Ca-Touhy Currency Exchange, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Clinica, SC - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Azucar Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Pacifico, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harding Tavern, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John & Sons Auto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Havana Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for First Capital Realtors
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Longman & Eagle
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hendrikx Belgian Bread Crafter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ray Gallagher State Farm Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Township
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Big Cheese on Lincoln, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mi Mi's Book Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JK Beauty Mart, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dolce Casa Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for X-Cell Communications
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norford Hotel, Inc. SRO
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gannon's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Xi Lambda Chapter of A Phi A, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Cooked, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwest Community Church
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grafton Pub & Grill, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kinmont
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackthorn
Sidewalk cafe(s) for LM Bistro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Himmel's Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amato's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meat on Chestnut
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gordon Family Chiropractic
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Grand
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Belmont
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vanille Pattisserie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 63 Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cozy Noodles & Rice
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hill Country Smokehouse
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Esencia Urban Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Patel's Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Matilda
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Melrose Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Punjabi Dhabha
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rozana
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Company
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Pig Asian Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Roscoe's Tavern Ltd.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tanuki
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Teavana No. 21920
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hat and Beard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mojo Spa Boutique
Canopy(s) for PB Maltz LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MO2 Properties - bay windows
Canopy(s) for University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MO2 Properties - steps
Canopy(s) for Dollar Tree No. 657
Awning(s) for Electronica & Discoteca Jalisco, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Canopy(s) for Gomez Tacos Restaurant
Awning(s) for Fresh Market Place
Canopy(s) for Marzeya Bakery
Canopy(s) for Laredo Auto Parts
Awning(s) for Letizia's Fiore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stan's Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yuzu
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bartosz Wisniewski
Canopy(s) for Miramar Travel Services
Canopy(s) for Midway Fellowship Club
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Canopy(s) for Louise Fabisiewicz
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC - foundation support
Canopy(s) for Park Federal Savings Bank
Canopy(s) for Goskand Sports
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for KFC - facade
Canopy(s) for Spina's Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1311 -1313 N Wood St Condo St Assn. - balconies 
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cedar Hotel Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1311-1313 N Wood St Condo St Assn. - bay windows
Canopy(s) for LMC Gatreway Venture LLC
Canopy(s) for New Metal Crafts, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homeslyce Wheel House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beer Bistro, The
Awning(s) for Beer Bistro, The - Privilege No. 1112216
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perennial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Awning(s) for Beer Bistro, The - Privilege No. 1112221
Awning(s) for Pauly's Pizzaria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Budget Rent-A-Car System, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Black Bull
Canopy(s) for Kredable Auto Service
Awning(s) for Peoples Auto Parking Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hackney's Printers Row
Canopy(s) for Chicago Ashland Webster LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Gelato
Awning(s) for Amber House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Coast
Canopy(s) for Costa Azul Travel No. 419
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Third Rail Tavern - banners
Awning(s) for Spotless Hand Car Wash
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Canopy(s) for North Community Bank
Awning(s) for HTP Associates Occupation Ldt.
Awning(s) for Orion Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Lenscrafters No. 0020
Canopy(s) for Edgewater Beach Apts
Awning(s) for Cardosi Kiper Design Group, Inc.
Canopy(s) for A&T Grill
Awning(s) for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Delish Diner
Awning(s) for Tabb's Food & Liquor, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for EJ Sushi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Habana Libre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arturo's Tacos
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bruce Alper
Awning(s) for Midcity Engineering LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leghorn Chicken
Awning(s) for Next Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mac's American Food
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mirai Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Third Rail Tavern - planters
Awning(s) for Hunter Properties, Inc.
Awning(s) for Tete Charcuterie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charlies Supermarket, Inc. - Privilege No. 1109212
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Output
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zapatista
Awning(s) for Vivo Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Picante Taqueria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charlies Supermarket, Inc. - Privilege No. 1109730
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 303 Madison
Awning(s) for M. Simpson's Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago South Loop Hotel LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Costa Azul Travel No. 419
Awning(s) for Ruby's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid Way Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Green Signs LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Picante's Authentaco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pint
Awning(s) for Armitage Gold Star Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Shadows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G3 Hand Car Wash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rodan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for S@Kura
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Henry Frerk Sons, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Savoy, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - Privilege No. 1111319
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hot Vapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Estrella Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Associates, Inc. - Privilege No. 1111325
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lalich Delicatessen LLC
Awning(s) for Accu Color Plus, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Dental Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Boat Club Charitable Outreach
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MM.Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shaman By Chilam Balam
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peeled Juice Bar LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shawarma Garden
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petco No. 688
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Silom12
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Que Rico
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taxim
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tocco Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quizhpe's Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Divine Nails & Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - fences
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tumans
Awning(s) for G3 Hand Car Wash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wasabi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Timbuk2 Holdings, Inc.
Awning(s) for Patsy's Place
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Winchester, The
Awning(s) for Que Rico
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Finer Foods Enterprises, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Your Pet's Wellness
Awning(s) for Rapidito
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2494
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yuzu
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Billy Goat Tavern
Awning(s) for Casa De Moy Y Roy
Awning(s) for Magic Grill, Inc.
Awning(s) for Mr. Pollo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brasserie by LM
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi Bar and Thai Cuisine on Madison Street
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fornetto-Mei on Grant
Awning(s) for Brisa Foods, Inc.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 707 W Harrison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii
Awning(s) for Windy City Hand Car Wash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gioco
Awning(s) for Pink Krokodile Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Art Institute of Chicago, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy Green's
Awning(s) for Banner Educational Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Atlas Stationers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group, Inc. - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bit Wolf Point West Investors LLC
Awning(s) for Copeland Dental Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chef Burger Bistro
Awning(s) for Galapagos Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kroll's South Loop
Awning(s) for PB Maltz LLC
Awning(s) for Subway 26445
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd.
Awning(s) for Sweden Shop LLC, The
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1363
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Rush - Privilege No. 1111047
Awning(s) for Hello!, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's on Rush - Privilege No. 1108450
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spot Light, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mezcalina
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pink Krokodile Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zee's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Milenorth
Sidewalk cafe(s) for I Monelli Trattoria Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for GNPH No. Nine, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mixed Greens
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Galvin's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Laughing Bird
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Mexico Modern Ballroom, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acre/Ombra
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hops and Barley
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pasta Al Gusto, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Zipo
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym - light fixtures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mom's Old Recipe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Coffee Studio, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tavern on Littlefort
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Windsor, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetam Gym - banners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Veg Head
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Naha Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armand's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bonsai Cafe & Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caravan
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Rebozo Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jai Yen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Callaghan's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Amatos Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cookies and Carnitas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jitlada Thai House Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Leary's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Basil Leaf Cafe/Sage
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Mananitas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pei Wei Asian Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ethiopian Diamond Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Sushi-Wells
Sidewalk cafe(s) for North Buena Market
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2621
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's on Lincoln
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panino's Pizzeria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forever Yogurt Andersonville LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pho Lily
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shamrock Club, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Indie Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Reservoir
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crossroads Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jin Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taco Burrito King
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Frances' Restaurant & Deli, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tea Room
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Corner Snack Shop, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ja' Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bountiful Eatery, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tiparos Thai Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Thai III
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's Fresh Corner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for UB Dogs
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bow Truss
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Underground Wonder Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Social
Sidewalk cafe(s) for W Chicago-City Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Prost
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zanzabar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Tola
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Real Good Juice Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Good to Go Jamaican Cuisine LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago's Blarney Stone
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ringo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grill Inn
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 176 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 193 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3457 N Rockwell St - 236 sq. ft.
Awning(s) for Norwood Hand Car Wash, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Integrated Clark Monroe - bollards
Awning(s) for CH Distillery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - foundation support/foundation footing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paola's Vinum
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Integrated Clark Monroe - door swings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joe Fish
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Qdoba Mexican Grill No. 2154
Awning(s) for East Bank Storage - Ohio & Kingsbury
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - tunnel
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Scout, The
Awning(s) for Giordano's on Rush
Sidewalk cafe(s) for South Coast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kriser's For Your Pet's All-Natural Life
Awning(s) for Lizzie Mc Neills
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tutto Italiano
Awning(s) for Scoozi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison LaSalle Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marions Loukas - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - conduits
Sidewalk cafe(s) for L26
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marions Loukas - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Clarke's Hyde Park
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Guys Burgers and Fries
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Community
Bank - signs
Awning(s) for Young Men's Christian Assn. of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sip Gourmet Coffee House, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - bollards
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Community Bank - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - Privilege No. 1112343
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria El Potrillo
Awning(s) for Francesca's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kohan Japanese Restaurant
Awning(s) for North Community Bank-Old Town Office
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lucky's Sandwich Company
Awning(s) for Old Town Refinery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - Privilege No. 1112365
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Valentina Restaurant
Awning(s) for Parkview Apartments
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford OBG Hotel Wacker Chicago LLC
Awning(s) for Twin Anchors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - door swings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Chaparrita De Chicago No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 223
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 10594
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - grease basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sydell Freehand Chicago LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - pipes
Canopy(s) for Lalo's Restaurant
Awning(s) for Clark Street Sports
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Quecas
Awning(s) for Crisp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sydell Freehand Chicago LLC - door swings
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fontanella
Awning(s) for Dandy Dollar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Moxee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - tieback systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sydell Freehand Chicago LLC - fire escape
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2436
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thai Bowl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sydell Freehand Chicago LLC - siamese connections
Canopy(s) for Fresh Start Daycare, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vincenzo's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tree Studios LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yehia & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 30 East Adams Building LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Bruquena Restaurant & Lounge
Canopy(s) for Gus Andros - 5000 W Addison St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Latin American Rest & Lounge
Awning(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 2578
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC - sheeting
Awning(s) for Great Falafel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC - caissons
Awning(s) for Lange's Liquors
Canopy(s) for Gus Andros - 3602-3604 N Lavergne Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alhambra Palace Restaurant
Awning(s) for Los Caminos De Michoacan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC - occupation of space/loading dock
Awning(s) for Schoolyard Tavern & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC - planters
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushi & Thai Cuisine on Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 200 N. Michigan Owner LLC - fences
Awning(s) for Artesian Condo Assn.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butterfly Sushibar and Thai Cuisine
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Pool Hall
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 320 North Michigan/Michigan Avenue Suites
Sidewalk cafe(s) for De Cero
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gaudi Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1111880 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Geb
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victoria's Beauty Boulevard
Awning(s) for Blue Rooster Event Catering
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1111881  
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Goddess River North, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jaipur
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kamehachi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1112094
Awning(s) for Maddiebird Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Francesca's
Awning(s) for Mei Shung Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1112197
Awning(s) for Sleepy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alhambra Palace Restaurant - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No.  1112288
Awning(s) for Ameera Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alhambra Palace Restaurant - entrance enclosure
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2708 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela Breakfast Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2021 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Karyn's on Green
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1112098
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2619 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mama Milano
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alhambra Palace Restaurant - windscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2026 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1112088 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Benchmark Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Nellcote & RM Champagne Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2106 N Clark St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Santorini
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerber Auto Collison
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 140 S Dearborn St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sushi Dokku
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Parkway Condominium, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 819 N Rush St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bountiful Eatery, Inc. - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thalia Spice Asian Fusion Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Orion Restaurant - sign
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Argo Tea - 16 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 834 West Armitage LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 9 Muses Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cork and Kerry on 33rd
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Property Company Commercial
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Onion Restaurant - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candyality
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crazy Calabrese
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSW Shoe Warehouse, Inc
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stony Shell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Japonais
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freddies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tixteco Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSW Shoes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prism Corpration
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Armand's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martinez Supermarket
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro Dre LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Standard/Binnys
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Star Bistro & Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County/Department of Real Estate Management
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bucktown Dysfunctional Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kumas Too
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Professional Auto Repair, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arturo Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage - 5901 S Harlem Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baume & Brix
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beatrix
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LMC Gateway Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mini Bar
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jane's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bella Luna Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquette Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Never Mind
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Momotaro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bistro by the Pier, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blaze Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Wave Coffee LLC
Awning(s) for Jack R. Epstein
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taqueria El Kacheton
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 639 W Diversey Pkwy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce - 2645 N Clark St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tony's Finer Foods
Awning(s) for Bobby G's
Awning(s) for Banner Liquor
Awning(s) for Three Sons Restaurant, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Busy Burger
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Salpicon 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Embeya 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Il Vicinato, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4646 N Marine Dr 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3014-3016 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1930 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1801 W Fullerton Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4700 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Athleta No. 7095
Awning(s) for Wences Hair Studio
Awning(s) for Great Lakes Clinical Trails 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South Shore Chamber, Inc. - planter - 2523 E 79th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant 
Awning(s) for State Farm Ins. David J. Frederickson
Awning(s) for Material Possessions
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave - 502 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 7601 S Cicero Ave - 278 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9000 S Stony Island Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2201 S Halsted St - north wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2201 S Halsted St - southeast wall
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - sign C1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - sign C2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - sign C3
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - sign C4
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - sign C5
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - 137 sq. ft. - sign 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - 137 sq. ft. - sign 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - 137 sq. ft. - sign B1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1100 S Canal St - 137 sq. ft./49 ft. above grade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2333 W Madison St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 829 S Wabash Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3046 N Halsted St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3300 N Campbell Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 737 N Michigan Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) 549 N Wells St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 549 N Wells St - west elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 821 W Evergreen Ave - 560 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1333 N Kingsbury St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1717 W 115th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Craft Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Artemio's Bakery No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hash
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Koko's Mediterranean Grill
Awning(s) for Artemio's Bakery No. 2
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland & Division Currency Exchange
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Strade Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bartosz Wisniewski
Awning(s) for Delta Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bert's Car Wash & Detail Center
Awning(s) for Gardner School, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Islas Marias
Awning(s) for Janik's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District - landscapings
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Alibis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delta Animal Hospital
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Star Bar, Inc.
Awning(s) for Kasia's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hollywood Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District - planter raillings
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - six columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mexique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District - trees
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mariano's No. 8527 Ukranian Village
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pet Supplies Plus
Awning(s) for Milk & Honey Cafe
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Runa Japanese
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for De Cero
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Picante's Authentaco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Empire Cooler Service, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Shambles Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kaiser Tiger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Real Drugs, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xoco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reckless Records - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison Street Gold Exchange, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Giordano's Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works
Awning(s) for Mirai Sushi
Awning(s) for Runa Japanese
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Meli Cafe on Dearborn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reckless Records - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michalik Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Standing Room Only Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dinosaur Bar-B-Que
Awning(s) for 7-Eleven
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Al's Beef
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Acadia Restaurant
Awning(s) for Quick Snacks, Inc.
Awning(s) for Subway
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Epples Restaurant
Awning(s) for Vogue Cleaners
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Revolver
Awning(s) for Chatham Jewelry & Loan, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Waffles
Awning(s) for Sapstein Drugs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Argo Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland & Van Buren
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ellie's
Awning(s) for Links to Learning Child Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brasserie by LM
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice
Awning(s) for Woodard Building, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daily Parking, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jaks Tap
Awning(s) for Ramon Reyes
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Marq, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cafe Colao
Awning(s) for Archer Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ogden, The
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC -  arches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paramount Lofts Condo Assn. - balconies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lockdown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Papa's Cache Sabroso, Inc.
Awning(s) for Village Discount Outlet, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Polk & Western, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - stone copings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prairie Material
Awning(s) for Doctor's Office
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for  NM Project Company LLC - sculptures
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Upton's Naturals Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt Square II Limited Partnership - 1302 W Roosevelt Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paramount Lofts Condo Assn. - grease separator
Awning(s) for Marin Funeral Home
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vainilla Bean Bake Shop, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Petco
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arista Foods
Awning(s) for Tina's Cocktail Lounge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Glazed and Infused
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - cornices
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roosevelt Square II Limited Partnership - 1328-1352 W Roosevelt Rd
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Leonard's Ministries
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Viaggio
Awning(s) for Djenne Collection
Awning(s) for Ellie's
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - exterior mounts
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vinnies Sub Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thalia Spice Asian Fusion Bistro - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thalia Spice Asian Fusion Bistro - signs
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - balconies
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Transit
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Arista Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mambo Cafe
Awning(s) for Shear Soul, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bird's Nest
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 36th and King Drive, Inc. Amoco
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - facades
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCP Funding 111 LLC, VCP Series 1057 Grand - balconies
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Butcher & The Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCP Funding 111 LLC, VCP Series 1057 Grand - bay windows
Awning(s) for Cellular Zone
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fairways
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 303 Madison - roof soffit
Awning(s) for House of Fortune
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 303 Madison - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCP Funding 111 LLC, VCP Series 1057 Grand - fence
Awning(s) for Grandma J's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCP Funding 111 LLC, VCP Series 1057 Grand - staircase
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - sheeting
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas on Lincoln
Awning(s) for Rob West Plumbing, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - elevator
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sofra Turkish Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1720 S Michigan Condo - balconies
Awning(s) for Chasing Tails 4 U Pet Fitness, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westhaven Coin Laundry
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Antojitos Majicos
Awning(s) for Suite Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 167 N May Street - Chris Livieratos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Alaska Paleteria Y Neveria
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Logan Theatre, The
Awning(s) for Armitage Hair Salon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Osteria Langhe
Awning(s) for Barbara Deerfler
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Caffe Italia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelo's Quick Stop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barney's Pizza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Euro Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC - vault
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leadbelly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advantage MRI
Awning(s) for V&J America Multiservices
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Next Randolph & Wells Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bristol Liquors, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Belly Q/Urban Belly II
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El Restaurante Tinajon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for EM Lounge
Awning(s) for BFF Bikes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Podlasie
Sidewalk cafe(s) for New Wave Coffee LLC
Awning(s) for New Divine Nails and Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1720 S Michigan Condo - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Oaxaquena
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Advanced Medical Clinic
Awning(s) for Peek, Aren't You Curious, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - caissons
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rowie's Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Baskin-Robbins/Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salgado Furniture, Inc.
Awning(s) for 24 Karrots
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bluelight
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goose Island Shrimp House, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago French Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Horween Leather Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Neil Kauffman
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Community Bank
Awning(s) for Beauty Box Hair Salon & Spa
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The - sheeting
Awning(s) for Carniceria La Mejor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 1819 W Belmont Ave
Awning(s) for Chuck's & Ed's Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 100 W Randolph St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Little Bucharest Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 1900 W Belmont Ave
Canopy(s) for Fringe A Hair Salon, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 1948 W Belmont Ave
Awning(s) for Restaurant 2 Amigos
Canopy(s) for Lubinski Furniture Sale 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunkin Donuts - 205 W Randolph St
Canopy(s) for Wabash/Roosevelt LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2058 W Belmont Ave
Canopy(s) for 233 S Wacker LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2059 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - 611 E 75th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii - 50 E Washington St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for mEAT on Chestnut
Awning(s) for Grooming by Galdy
Canopy(s) for Lakeside Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2159 W Belmont Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Freshii -200 W Randolph St
Awning(s) for Pierre's Mini Detail Center
Canopy(s) for Big City Fashions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2200 W Belmont Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Howl at the Moon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - 555 E 75th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jamba Juice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - 511 E 75th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jersey Mikes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2300 W Belmont Ave
Awning(s) for Piatto Pronto
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2332 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - 457 E 75th St
Awning(s) for Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shigeyo Henriquez
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Merlo on Maple
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sixteen Condo Assn.
Canopy(s) for Catholic Charities of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc. - 647 E 75th St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Piccolo Sogno Due
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Sports on Michigan
Awning(s) for Ernest Cheirgalos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizzeria Uno Chicago Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Visual Cast Media
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for US Furniture & Linen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mercer 113
Awning(s) for Le Flour Bake Shop & Market, Inc.
Awning(s) for Argo Tea
Canopy(s) for Cortez Carter - 7901-7911 S Racine Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elston Ace Hardware, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSO Properties LLC - bay windows
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Robin Burger Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Antique Mall
Canopy(s) for Cortez Carter - 1151-1159 W 79th St
Awning(s) for Bedazzled Nails & Spa, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Las Vegas Nite Club, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Park University
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paola's Vinum
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Greek Islands Restaurant
Awning(s) for Hotel Allegro
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hi-Tops
Canopy(s) for El Vigia Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North River Commission
Canopy(s) for Allied Inventory Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DSO Properties LLC - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Le Pain Quotidien
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Express Food Mart & Cellular
Awning(s) for Luxbar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jesus Estrella
Canopy(s) for Hyatt Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Family Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for McGee's Tavern & Grille
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Magic Johnson Bridgescape Academy
Awning(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy - Privilege No. 1112890
Canopy(s) for James Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic & Therapeutic Institute of Midway LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pizano's Pizza & Pasta On Lincoln
Awning(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy - Privilege No. 1112891
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Con Leche D'Noche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullerton Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ray Buick, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Woodie's Flat
Awning(s) for North Community Bank
Canopy(s) for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. - Privilege No. 1112895
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Beezzee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie Elston C.E., Inc.
Canopy(s) for Portillo's Hot Dogs, Inc. - Privilege No. 1113072
Awning(s) for Rossi's Liquors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Efes Restaurant
Awning(s) for Trattoria Gianni
Canopy(s) for Reit Management & Research LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L' Patron -  2815 W Diversey Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Haciendita, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Falafill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L' Patron -  2817 W Diversey Ave
Awning(s) for Artemio's Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Apartment Lounge, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Johnny O'Hagan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for My Wireless Store 1021, Inc.
Canopy(s) for 535 North Michigan Venture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for PS Orangeco, Inc. No. 28401
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A. K. Auto Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Ballet D'Enfant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Young-Jeff Peters - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pearl Beauty
Awning(s) for Carissima, Inc.
Awning(s) for Cohiba Cuban Cuisine, Inc.
Awning(s) for Exedus II
Awning(s) for K.S. Cleaners and Laundromat
Awning(s) for McKillip Animal Hospitals
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zapotlan, Inc
Awning(s) for Murphy's Bleachers
Awning(s) for New Cleaners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for David Young-Jeff Peters - fence
Awning(s) for Plus Auto Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Balance Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Public Storage
Canopy(s) for Public Storage
Awning(s) for Shirts Illustrated, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Architectural Artifacts, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sushi Mura Japanese Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lyn McKeaney
Canopy(s) for Holsten Management Corp.
Canopy(s) for Days Inn Chicago
Awning(s) for House of Hair, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Ann Sather's Cafe
Awning(s) for La Pena Restaurante
Canopy(s) for O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen
Canopy(s) for Salt & Pepper Diner
Canopy(s) for Self Storage No. 1
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joy's
Awning(s) for Fifth Third Bank
Sidewalk cafe(s) for MFK
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Michael Diversey's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for My Thai-Takumi Restaurant
Awning(s) for Eye See Ravenswood, P.C.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen
Awning(s) for New Asia Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ping Pong
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Redmond's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Spencer's Jolly Posh Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Tac Quick
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wakamono
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Margaret's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rasmos
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Baker & Nosh Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Einstein Bros. Bagels
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Taverna 750
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Grind
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Corp.
Awning(s) for Northcenter Rug Cleaning
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Awning(s) for Ricochets
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chuckie's
Awning(s) for Thai Oscar
Awning(s) for Winona Cleaners, Inc.
Awning(s) for Know No Limits
Awning(s) for Vincent
Awning(s) for Par Birdie Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mexico Sons Muffler & Brakes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tibbs Superior Auto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Charming Beauty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Riverdale Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria Valparaiso
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosmo Superstore, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dolex Dollar Express, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&W Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Restaurante Alanis Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Moran Body Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ivory Clearners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Azteca Paleteria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rothchild Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cell Com of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morland Coin Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Green Sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Autozone No. 5247
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Monterrey Security Consultants, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Storage - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K.R.K. International Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Devon Video
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pride Sushi and Thai
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ATI Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domestic Linen Supply Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Bob's Storage - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Half Acre Beer Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julius Meinl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Canasta Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mrs Murphy and Sons Irish Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Callaghan's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Strongbox
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scooterworks USA
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai Oscar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Superior Super Auto Wash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Belle Shore LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lehigh Dental Care Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Sheridan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Indie Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tricoci University of Beauty Culture LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mariano's No. 8522
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for All In One Wireless, Inc. (Cricket authorized dealer)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America/LaSalle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Accelerated Rehabilitation Centers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Milwaukee Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Exedus II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bar Toma
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foremost Liquor Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boker Investment Management, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Irving-Cicero Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Camper
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingston Reflexology LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Marriott Downtown
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Capital One 360
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teavana No. 21920
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Unique Travel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Valbona's Beauty Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Club - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile - banner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Original Gino's East of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boost Mobile - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dearborn Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fifth Third Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eataly
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forman Realty Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Equity Office Properties Management Corporation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for US Wireless Communications
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gibsons LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Annoyance Productions
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GLL Properties 444 North Michigan LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bel-Port Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Allegro - earth retention systems
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Ace Hardware, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Allegro - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hotel Allegro - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Malley's Liquor Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Secrets
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Bank & Trust Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KHRG Allegro LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macy's Retail Holdings, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auburn-Gresham Family Health Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggiano's Little Italy - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggiano's Little Italy - park bench
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Maggiano's Little Italy - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Optima, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Original Hair Designers, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Point LLC - foundation support
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Point LLC - irrigation system
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Point LLC - staircase
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Saks Fifth Avenue
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tower 10 Glades LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tumi Stores, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walton on the Park LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 131 S Dearborn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Three Happiness Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lake Park Plaza Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J&C Engineering, Inc. - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Altiro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River West Meeting Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Convexity Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Brothers Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J. Michael Fitzgerald Apartments
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chuckie's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - manhole - Privilege No. 1116629

Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - manholes - Privilege No. 1116724

Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Green
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - balconies 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eats and Sweets Cafe, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Albion Hotel LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4052 W Grand Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MG Fulton Partners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mercadito Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vig Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - door swing
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paddy Long's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paris Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presidential Towers - columns
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant - facades
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence of India
Awning(s) for Be By Baby LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for O'Leary's Public House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 380 E 51st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 10 E 51st St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University of Chicago
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Med Kitchen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for South East Chicago Commission - 5048 S Indiana Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School, The - 304 S State St
Awning(s) for Apartment Finders LLC
Awning(s) for Chicago's Home of Chicken & Waffles
Awning(s) for Lakeshore Sports Physical Therapy, PC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Awning(s) for Sapphire
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Wishbone Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Xippo
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2900 N Lake Shore Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s)  3960 W 26th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9244 S South Chicago Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 12600 S Torrence Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5401 S Wentworth Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4000 N Lincoln Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4800 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5500 S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 912 W Chicago Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1501 N Kingsbury St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) 6346 N Clark St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2121 N Clybourn Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 230 E Ontario St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 302 E Illinois St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 302 E Illinois St - west elevation
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Market
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1907 North Kenmore Condo
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Declain's Irish Pub
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for WPA3 LLC - bay window
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way  WPA3 LLC - staircase
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Banh Mi
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Francesca's Forno
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Table, Donkey & Stick
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stereo Night Club
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackwood BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kurah
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Zberry
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teavana No. 21920
Sidewalk cafe(s) for 53rd Street Bicycle Center
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Morgan's Bar and Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Thirty3
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Oh, Mar! Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mart Anthony
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Soho House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chino Latino Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for El's Kitchen
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Twisted Lizard
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - Privilege No. 1111762
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelo's Stuffed Pizza Corp.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Essence Med Spa & Wellness Center
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - Privilege No. 1111763
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Devon Seafood Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction-Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Millennium Trolley Tours LLC - Privilege No. 1111766
Sidewalk cafe(s) for La Cocina Mexican Grill LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Randolph Tavern
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Troquet
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red Robin Burger Works
Sidewalk cafe(s) for RPM Steak
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bagelers Coffeehouse, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Ann Sather's Cafe
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Parts and Labor
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Brazilian Bowl, The
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bacci Cafe and Pizzeria on Milwaukee Avenue, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for A. J. Hudson's Public House
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chicago Joe's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for City Provisions Catering and Events
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Eats and Sweets Cafe, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bale Sandwich and Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lovely, Too: A Bake Shop
Awning(s) for Estelles Cafe & Pub Ltd.
Awning(s) for Jackson Junge Gallery
Awning(s) for Leona's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Papa Jin
Awning(s) for Metropolitan Barber Shop
Awning(s) for Metropolitan Barber Shop
Awning(s) for Hyde Park Self Storage, Inc.
Awning(s) for Radio Shack No. 6521
Awning(s) for Rose-Ridge Foods
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Paleteria El Potrillo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Leader Bar
Awning(s) for Life Storage Centers LLC
Awning(s) for Pizza Capri
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for R&J Auto Repair and Body Shop
Awning(s) for Best Buy Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Clark Building Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Spice House, The
Awning(s) for Black Rock Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toni's Pizza and Pasta
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Turbodog Yoga
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A-1 Jewelry & Coin, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vincenzo's
Awning(s) for Kopi, A Traveler's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Family Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1K Fulton LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Black Rock Pub
Awning(s) for Cunneen's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Soccer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M&S Food Market, Inc.
Awning(s) for Mona Buechler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eye See Ravenswood, P.C.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John's Liquor & Deli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hank's Party Store, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Krystyna's Flowers, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Lincoln Addison Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Center Animal Hospital, Inc.
Awning(s) for Benchwarmers Sports Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Norford Hotel, Inc. SRO
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Lion Lincoln Square, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sajjad, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sweet World Pastry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for VCG Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 20th Century TV & Stereo Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Dental Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Auto Care, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diversey Dental Center Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Jerezano Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jadwiga Florist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for @ Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Batter & Berries LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Daffodils
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fullwest BP Gas & Subway
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for George Lowell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lock Up Storage Centers, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for National Rubber Stamp Co, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patsy's Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Piano Factory Townhouse Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 1845 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 1935 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Chamber of Commerce - 2040 W Belmont Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2002 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2023 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2033 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2058 W Roscoe St
Awning(s) for Brazzaville African Hair Braiding
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2155 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2256 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2233 W Roscoe St
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2303 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2335 W Roscoe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 3041 N Western Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyde Park Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kedzie & Lawrence Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Union Sub 1, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joy Auto Corp
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheldon Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Azucar Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dr Cell
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for J and P Finer Foods
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pet Supplies Plus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amato's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victory Center of Galewood
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beef & Burger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Discovery Clothing Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cardinal Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patio Gas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grayland Station
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Hare Plaza II LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4718 N Broadway - 672 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Cellars
Moratorium on issuance of permits for conversion or demolition of existing single-room occupancy buildings and residential hotels                                                                                                          
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for No Que No
Awning(s) for Chicago Samtel Cellular, Inc.
Awning(s) for MN Gallery & Studio, Inc.
Awning(s) for Vista Hermosa Restaurant
Canopy(s) for New Valois Rest, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Rocios Childrens Wear
Canopy(s) for One Financial Place Property LLC
Awning(s) for De Arte Unisex Hair Style
Canopy(s) for Ana's Food Mart
Awning(s) for Monterre Photo Studio
Awning(s) for Hasmukhbhai Thakkar
Canopy(s) for Double T Liquors & Lounge
Awning(s) for Mo's Auto Repair
Canopy(s) for 63rd & Cottage Grove Building
Awning(s) for Harold's Chicken Shack
Canopy(s) for Overt Press, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AG Behavioral Health Services LLC
Awning(s) for Little Hands Child Creative Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Food & Liquors
Canopy(s) for Frank Food No. 4
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Easy Bar
Canopy(s) for Chiu Quon Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bistrot Zinc
Awning(s) for Southwest Guaranteed Home Equity Program
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresh Market Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Central Camera Co.
Canopy(s) for O'Briens Restaurant & Bar
Awning(s) for Luxure Nail and Beauty Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Michigan LLC
Canopy(s) for Roosevelt Square/Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clinton Lake LLC
Awning(s) for Shop 147, The
Canopy(s) for Hamburger Mary's Chicago
Canopy(s) for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Junge Gallery - banner
Canopy(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jackson Junge Gallery - light fixtures
Awning(s) for El Sinaloense
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Verde Condo Assn., The - balcony
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Contemporaine Condo Assn., The - balconies
Awning(s) for United Tax & Travel
Canopy(s) for Goodman/Friedman LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MK Construction & Builders
Canopy(s) for Green Door, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midwest Health Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Contemporaine Condo Assn., The - grease basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Paula & Monica's Pizzeria
Awning(s) for Burdeen Shoe Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Damen 4 Management of Illinois LLC
Canopy(s) for InterPark
Canopy(s) for River Point LLC
Awning(s) for Chinatown Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gibsons Steak House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Grand Plaza Owner LLC
Awning(s) for Marketplace Vision
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hair Loft, The
Awning(s) for Uruapan
Canopy(s) for 757 Orleans at Chicago Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Cafe Colao
Canopy(s) for Burton Place
Awning(s) for Hashbrowns on Wells 
Canopy(s) for Sully's House
Awning(s) for La Quinta Inn & Suites
Awning(s) for Mahoney's
Awning(s) for Prevention Partnership
Awning(s) for J&A Sports Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hangge-Uppe, Inc.
Awning(s) for John's Liquor & Deli
Awning(s) for Augie's
Canopy(s) for Lorch Bros. Flowers
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Savoy, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hard Rock Hotel
Awning(s) for Coldwell Banker
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Savoy, The - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Scotty's
Canopy(s) for VCG  Ltd.
Awning(s) for Lincoln Park Dog & Cat Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction - Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shred415
Canopy(s) for Horseshoe BBQ
Awning(s) for Old LVIV Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC - bay windows
Canopy(s) for Public Storage
Awning(s) for Standout Style Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Windy City (Mini-Market)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC - vaults
Awning(s) for Thai "Linda" Cafe'
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Indian Garden Restaurant, The
Awning(s) for Classic Shine Hair Studio, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Industrious
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Auditorium Park One LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inter Capital Realty Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Congress Plaza Hotel
Awning(s) for Farmers Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cross Town Auto Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Intercontinental Hotel Chicago
Awning(s) for Cafe Latin Bliss
Awning(s) for Devon Morseview Drugs, Inc.
Awning(s) for Reggie's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 230 W Washington St
Awning(s) for Amish Custom Kitchens
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DRI/CA Old Colony LLC c/o Campus Aquisitions LLC - foundation supports
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 10 E Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 20 E Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DRI/CA Old Colony LLC c/o Campus Acquisitions LLC - grease basin
Awning(s) for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 50 E Ohio St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 181 N Clark St
Awning(s) for Astrology
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 203 N LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DRI/CA Old Colony LLC c/o Campus Aquisitions LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 224 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 330 E. Ohio St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 345 N LaSalle St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 437 N Orleans St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joint Management Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Legacy Parking Co. LLC
Awning(s) for Barneys New York
Awning(s) for Bistro BT the Pier, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McDonald's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael & Michael Hair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Niu
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom Rack
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 35 E Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for BBQ Patio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - catch basins
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Marshall Law School, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria San Jose No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kriser's Feeding Pets for Life LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for We Wash Car Wash, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Storage Centers - West Loop LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 43rd & Pulaski Currency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for S&S Motors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - sanitary sewer storm line
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for K Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - sheeting
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Motor Row Lofts at 2301-2315 South Michigan Avenue Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Four Season Barber Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - water vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Reverie
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken Shack
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seventeenth Church of Christ Scientist
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plymouth Court Garage Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Growers Outlet Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inn Zone Carwash
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 56 W Randolph St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Athletic & Therapeutic Institute of Chicago at Beverly
Awning(s) for Simply Prepaid T Retailer
Awning(s) for Corner Bakery Cafe - 1121 N State St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Park District
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Century 21 Affiliated
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midas Auto Service Experts
Awning(s) for Double Tree Hotel Magnificent Mile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College of Chicago
Awning(s) for Hugo's Frog Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyde Park Self Storage, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shop 147, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for One Financial Place Property LLC
Awning(s) for IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wiseguys Pizza
Awning(s) for John Barleycorn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ezzard Charles Nursery
Awning(s) for Kim's Shoe Repair
Awning(s) for Le Colonial
Awning(s) for RL
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thor Palmer House Hotel & Shops LLC - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wow Bao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CBA, Small Business Development, Inc.
Awning(s) for Theory Sports Div Lounge
Awning(s) for Athenian Room Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven No. 33908A
Awning(s) for Cermak Tax Service
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Inn, The
Awning(s) for Division Court Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Frank's Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East Huron Street Condo Assn. - fuel tank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rhodes Cleaners
Awning(s) for Riccardo Enoteca
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A Gomez Tires & Wheels, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bridgeview Bank Group
Awning(s) for Snarf's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for United Tax & Travel
Awning(s) for Village Cycle Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for B&A Supersub, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ralph's Heating Serv, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Claire Cahan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dick's Sporting Goods
Awning(s) for Great Clips
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Coin Laundry, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acme Lumber
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosina Grill, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Life Changers International Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's Mexican Restaurant
Awning(s) for Joys
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noodles & Company No. 673
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 100 East Huron Street Condo Assn. - sundeck
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 110 West Superior LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uni Wire Corp. II
Awning(s) for Leona's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Villa Join the Movement
Awning(s) for Ping Pong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Smart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Colao
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Christian Fellowship Flock
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Original Chavas Tacos, Inc.
Awning(s) for Thresholds "Mothers" Project
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Auto Sales, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Banco Popular of Illinois - light fixtures
Awning(s) for City Smiles
Awning(s) for La Azteca Hardware Supply
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lickity Split FC & S2 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nayab Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Las Vegas Nite Club, Inc. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for El Llano Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rootstock Wine & Beer Bar
Awning(s) for Aardvark Insurance Agency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tabb's Food & Liquor, Inc. - bay window
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Banco Popular of Illinois - signs
Awning(s) for Las Mananitas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cunneen's Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MAS
Awning(s) for Mr Salsa Taqueria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mona Buechler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Night Ministry, The
Awning(s) for American Dental Assoc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milito's Mobil
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Perrenial Virant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Las Vegas Nite Club, Inc. - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prost
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo St. James LLC - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tabb's Food & Liquor, Inc. - occupation of space for parking
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo St James LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Speedmo St James LLC - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Tire & Auto Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Candyality
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Foursided
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leona's Pizzeria - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Leona's Pizzeria - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for MB Financial Bank
Awning(s) for Moys Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for P S Bangkok Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ping Pong
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Security Shop, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Slaymaker Gallery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sleepy's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tanuki
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uncle Dan's Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Finley Mahony's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Go Smart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Standard Bank & Trust Co
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wrigleyville North
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Martys'
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Panera Bread
Canopy(s) for Green Dolphin, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Delgado's Mufflers & Brakes Inc - sign
Awning(s) for Chinatown Sro
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 2400 sq. ft. - No. 1
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morse Automotive Corp. - manhole
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 3200 sq.ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 142.523 sq. ft
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 90 Miles Cuban Cafe - fence
Awning(s) for RS Retail LLC
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 274.125 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1735-1745 N Ashland Ave - 433.583 sq. ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ELA Associates, LLC - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 90 Miles Cuban Cafe - occupation of space
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 150 W Roosevelt Rd 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4850 S Cicero Ave 
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4750 N Sheridan Rd - 75 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4750 N Sheridan Rd - 37 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4750 N Sheridan Rd - 35 ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JLO Metal Products Co. - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Forever 21 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for King Transmission Co. - sign
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St  - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St  - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2601-2645 W 38th St, 3802-3852 S Rockwell St and 2614-2644 W Pershing Rd - (58.3 sq. ft.)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2602 W Pershing Rd - (288 sq. ft.)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Roscoe Village Neighbors - 2124 W Roscoe St
Awning(s) for Lee's Cuddles N Care, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Bank of America Theatre
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St  - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3816 S Rockwell St  - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2602 W Pershing Rd - (288 sq. ft.)
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 823 N Western Ave 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JDI of S Kedzie
Awning(s) for Libreria Giron, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sheffield Ave Investors LLC - door swing
Awning(s) for Carniceria & Fruteria El Mitote
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mac's American Food
Awning(s) for Gyu-Kaku Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Small Bar No. 2
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Topo Gigio Ristorante 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Plush-Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DWW Properties Company LLC - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Five Star Bar & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mahoney's
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Innjoy
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6550 N Sheridan Rd 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Smoke Daddy
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hyatt Place Chicago South
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cricket
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 1298
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8550 W Bryn Mawr Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1550 W 88th St - elevation 1
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1550 W 88th St - elevation 2
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 8300 W Belmont Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6700 W North Ave - 154 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave - north facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6700 W North Ave - 272 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave - south facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave - east facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave -  West Facade
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4345 W Belmont Ave - 176 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at W 76th and S Pulaski Rd
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 9045 S Commercial Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 100 W Monroe St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 259 E Erie St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 259 E Erie St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2233 S Dr Martin Luther King Jr Dr
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at W 76th and S Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3021 W Carroll St - north elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3021 W Carroll St - south elevation
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 15 S Wood St - 8 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 15 S Wood St - 20 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 15 S Wood St - 35 ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 720 E 111th St
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 455 N Cityfront Plaza Dr - 88 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 455 N Cityfront Plaza Dr - 144 sq. ft.
Canopy(s) for Shear Art Hair Studio
Canopy(s) for Labors International Union of North American Local 6
Canopy(s) for Star Four Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Mecca Restaurant, The
Canopy(s) for Berger Financial Services c/o Realty & Mortgage Co.
Canopy(s) for GHB 630 LLC
Awning(s) for Bee and Tea
Canopy(s) for Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop & Soda Fountain
Awning(s) for Hi-Style Dinette and Bedding
Canopy(s) for Gold Coast Galleria Condo Assoc.
Canopy(s) for O'Donnell Investment Co.
Awning(s) for Modern Dental on Division
Canopy(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Columbia College Chicago
Awning(s) for Gioco
Canopy(s) for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The
Canopy(s) for Ross Dress for Less
Canopy(s) for Talbott Hotel, The
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Henry Frerk Sons, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Wells Hubbard Limited Partnership/Urban Innovations
Awning(s) for NIU B
Canopy(s) for Salpicon
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Canopy(s) for Darien Condo Assn., The
Awning(s) for Clippers, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le's Pho
Canopy(s) for Stella's Diner
Awning(s) for Opart Thai House
Awning(s) for Yassa African Carribean Restaurant
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for LM Bistro
Canopy(s) for Hardwood Line Manufacturing Co.
Awning(s) for KCI Construction Management
Canopy(s) for A-Carr Auto Repair, Inc.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Manulife Financial
Awning(s) for Simply Mane and Spa LLC
Canopy(s) for Studio 4 Hair
Awning(s) for Capri Pizza
Awning(s) for Punky's Pizza and Pasta
Canopy(s) for Progressions Hair Salon
Awning(s) for Liza's Furniture, Inc.
Awning(s) for State Senator Antonio Munoz
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - Permit No. 1111480
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - Permit No. 1111481
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FNP LLC - Permit No. 1111482
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bub City
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113540
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for NM Project Company LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pub Ok
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113539
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113498
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113509
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Noodles & Co. No. 673
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Niu B
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yusho HP
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Vera
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Red June
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eastside Soccer Dome, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lush Wine & Spirits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113513
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113530
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blue Agave Tequila Bar & Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Curried
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Davids Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113532
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113533
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Forza
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Snarf's Sandwiches
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113536
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Teagschwender
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113537
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Hot Dog Express
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privliege No. 1113538
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Las Tablas
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Bina's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113553
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Sheesh Mahal Dhaba, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113557
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113559
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113563
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blaze Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for C C Industries, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Celeste
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 09000 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dave & Buster's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Storage-Ohio & Kingsbury
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Eleaven Food Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elm State Property LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elm State Property LLC - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elm State Property LLC - planter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elm State Property LLC - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GHB 630 LLC - bollard's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GHB 630 LLC - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Equity Office Properties Management Corp. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Equity Office Properties Management Corp. - siamese connections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gage, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GHB 630 LLC - planters 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GHB 630 LLC - tree grates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GHB 630 LLC - sunscreen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gold Coast Galleria Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Habitat Company, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hard Rock Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hershey's Chocolate World Attraction - Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt The Loop Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Khattak Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeshore Interactive LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - planters - Privilege No. 1114025
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - planters - Privilege No. 1114016
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - signs - Privilege No. 1114031
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marc Realty
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for State Farm Insurance
Awning(s) for Hallmark & Johnson Property Management - Privilege No. 1114205
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Town Dollar Store
Awning(s) for Cafe Touche
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Urban Beautique
Awning(s) for Har-Hig Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Celebrity Lounge, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosemoor Community Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gomez Tacos Restaurant
Awning(s) for Alfred's
Awning(s) for Bijan Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jovial Club
Awning(s) for Boho Bohemian House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happiness Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Brett's Kitchen, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uth, Carl T.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 31st & Wallace Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Village Discount Outlet, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Midway Medical Center
Awning(s) for Chestnut Apartments - Privilege No. 1113450
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allstate Insurance Co.
Awning(s) for Chestnut Apartments - Privilege No. 1113451
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Angelo's Stuffed Pizza Corp.
Awning(s) for Chestnut Apartments - Privilege No. 1113452
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InsureOne
Awning(s) for Chestnut Apartments - Privilege No. 1113453
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Federal Saving Bank - Privilege No. 1113930
Awning(s) for Dave & Buster's
Awning(s) for Downtown Dogs 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Park Federal Saving Bank - Privilege No. 1113929
Awning(s) for Harry Caray's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizza by Geneo
Awning(s) for Macerich Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 79th & Halsted Medical Center
Awning(s) for Northwestern University
Awning(s) for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Country Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Crosstown Electric Supply Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Barraco's Pizza
Awning(s) for River Roast
Awning(s) for Sidebar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for E-Z Computer, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Exotic Wheel Boutique
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elvis Beauty Salon and Spa LLC
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 216 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Roka Corp.
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 223
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Zavala's Grocery Store, Inc.
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2215
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ken Nowicki Insurance Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2224
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primary Care Physicians Center - sign
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2334
Awning(s) for Bistro Margot
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Primary Care Physicians Center - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Fiesta Mexicana Restaurant
Awning(s) for Frances' Restaurant & Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Czerwone Jabluszko Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Staropolska Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Staropolska Restaurant
Awning(s) for Prost
Awning(s) for Ranalli's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Medical Group
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 217
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beat Kitchen
Awning(s) for Dimo's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bluelight
Awning(s) for Genacelli
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bulley & Andrews
Awning(s) for Hutch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Elston Industrial Lofts LLC
Awning(s) for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fresh Tech Maid
Awning(s) for M. G. Management
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Homeservices of Illinois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113495
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - Privilege No. 1113496
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FLTH III LLC Holdings 1 - fence
Awning(s) for Haydee's Flowers & Gifts
Awning(s) for Maximum Refunds Taxes, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FLTH III LLC Holdings 1 - occupation of space/building
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3FLTH III LLC Holdings 1 - step
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldblatts of Chicago Limited Partnership - retaining walls
Awning(s) for Historic Stand LP Holsten Real Estate - 6317 S Cottage Grove Ave
Awning(s) for Historic Stand LP Holsten Real Estate - 6323 S Cottage Grove Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goldblatts of Chicago Limited Partnership - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bikram Yoga Chicago, Bikram Yoga - Wicker Park
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thresholds - fire escape
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thresholds - security cameras
Awning(s) for Historic Stand LP Holsten Real Estate Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A. Bucktown No. 321 - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick's Liquors - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Citibank N.A. Bucktown No. 321 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nick's Liquors - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Deitch Pharmacy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fish Tales LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for TLH Remodeling
Awning(s) for American Science and Technology Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for High Noon Saloon
Awning(s) for Breakfast Club, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Cafe Fresco
Awning(s) for El Rincon Community Clinic
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Fluevog Shoes, Ltd.
Awning(s) for Fireplace Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Muzyka Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Funky Buddha Lounge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Noble Grape, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carnicerias Jimenez
Awning(s) for Grant Park Packing Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Cemita
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Community Bank
Awning(s) for Pie-Eyed Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Community Med
Awning(s) for Happy Fish and Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Franklin Tap, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1956 W Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pitaya
Awning(s) for Hawkeye's Bar and Grill, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2000 W Grand Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2503 W Chicago Ave
Awning(s) for Kohler Signature Store by Studio 41
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2553 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for St. Alfred Inc.
Awning(s) for Roosevelt Square/Limited Partnership - 1210 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2600 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Spystore
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2707 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2803 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vitucci Funeral Home
Awning(s) for Roosevelt Square/Limited Partnership - 1216 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2806 W Chicago Ave
Awning(s) for Roosevelt Square/Limited Partnership - 1224 W Taylor St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone, The - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone, The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone, The - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackstone Hotel Developer LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Close-Up2
Awning(s) for Diversey Dental Center Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerry Kleiner
Awning(s) for Import Auto, Inc.
Awning(s) for Wenzl & Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ninth Street Investors LLC - caissons
Awning(s) for PS Bangkok Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Studio Within
Awning(s) for Pizzaco's Italian Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fourth Presbyterian Church of Chicago - step
Awning(s) for Shakers on Clark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home2Design LLC - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L&M Properties - bay windows
Awning(s) for Cabinet Style Studio, Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L&M Properties - step
Awning(s) for Old Irving Park Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labor Temps - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Pizza By Alex
Awning(s) for Presence Medical Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labor Temps - sign
Awning(s) for Halsted Street Beach Tanning Salon
Awning(s) for Jimmy's Nails 1 Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 2802 N Lincoln Ave
Awning(s) for Siam Noodles & Rice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3008-3024 N Lincoln Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeview Chamber of Commerce - 3011-3071 N Lincoln Ave
Awning(s) for Chui's Food Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for LG Development Group LLC
Awning(s) for Dinkel's Bakery, Inc.
Awning(s) for Glenn's Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peek, Aren't You Curious, Inc.
Awning(s) for Sacred Art Gallery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pipes and Stuff XX
Awning(s) for Steve Quick Jeweler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Patsy's Place
Awning(s) for Waterhouse Tavern and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Saint Mary of Nazareth Hospital
Awning(s) for Chicago Grind
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thai "Linda" Cafe'
Awning(s) for Hoang Kim
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber
Awning(s) for Dog Splash
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2247 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 2258 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 Fullerton LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andy's Fruit Ranch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New York Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for A&D Import Motors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Prague
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 6039-6043 Belmont Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pro Tec Metal Finishing Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria La Paz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joseph Freed and Associates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mike Anderson Chevrolet of Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Retro Cafe Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East West Travel, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andersonville Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dental Associates of Bryn Mawr
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hillcrest Realty Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safeguard Self Storage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Middle East Bakery & Grocery - Privilege No. 1113803
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Shore Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McKellin's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Middle East Bakery & Grocery - Privilege No. 1114102
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Monaghan
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Basil Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Outdoor Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for I-F Optical Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzeria Calzone
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for City Fresh Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sirron Pilates LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marce Realty Residential LLC/Chicago Apartment Finders
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Har-Hig Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mona Buechler
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Morland Coin Laundry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolis Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Music and Dance Theater Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Community Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern Memorial Hospital - conduits
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northwestern University/Chicago Campus
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Andersonville Chamber of Commerce
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - light poles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cheetah Gym
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Loyola University Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - sanitary sewer
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for O'Donnell Investment Co. - water lines
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Architectural Artifacts, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmolive Building Condo Assn. - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ashland Glass & Mirror Design, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmolive Building Condo Assn. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Budackis Drive-In Hot Dogs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Palmolive Building Condo Assn. - tree grates
Canopy(s) for American Ukrainian Youth Association
Canopy(s) for First American Bank
Canopy(s) for 1815 West Division LLC
Canopy(s) for Dixon Enterprise
Canopy(s) for Safeguard Self Storage
Canopy(s) for Sterling Bay Companies LLC
Canopy(s) for Tutto Italiano
Canopy(s) for Town Cellular, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Park Federal Saving Bank
Canopy(s) for Pepe's Mexican Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Historic Stand, LP Holsten Real Estate
Canopy(s) for Zavala's Grocery Store, Inc.
Canopy(s) for La Cemita
Canopy(s) for Burlington, The
Canopy(s) for Czerwone Jabluszko Restaurant, Inc.
Canopy(s) for L&M Properties
Canopy(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2223
Canopy(s) for Blue Star Properties
Canopy(s) for Serbian Village Restaurant & Bar
Awning(s) for Blue Star Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ninth Street Investors LLC - planters
Awning(s) for Cafe El Tapatio
Awning(s) for Circle Salon, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pope Building Condo Assn. c/o Remax Alliance Downtown - cornices
Awning(s) for Four Moon Tavern
Awning(s) for Home2Design LLC
Awning(s) for Homeservices of Illinois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chinese-American Museum of Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pope Building Condo Assn. c/o Remax Alliance Downtown - fire shutter
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acorn Loftominium Owners Assn.
Awning(s) for Original Penguin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Breakfast Club, Inc., The
Awning(s) for Los Recuerdos, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pope Building Condo Assn. c/o Remax Alliance Downtown - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Fresco - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pope Building Condo Assn. c/o Remax Building Downtown - vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Fresco - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Coyne American Institute
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sky55
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Funky Buddha Lounge - security cameras
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sterling Bay Companies LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Funky Buddha Lounge - windscreens
Awning(s) for Mauge, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gus Berthold Electric Co.
Awning(s) for Peak Properties
Awning(s) for Tony's Burrito Mex, Inc.
Awning(s) for Victory's Banner Restaurant
Awning(s) for New York Bakery
Awning(s) for Pearl Auto Spa, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Holsten Real Estate Development Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jayben Scrap Metal Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawndale Educational and Regional Network
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mokin Properties LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nia
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pomp & Circumstance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Soho House Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Victoria Mortgage
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hawkeye's Bar & Grill, Inc. - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Y's Jewelry
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 695 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 700 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 725 N Ogden Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Breakfast House Restaurant, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 734 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 750 N Noble St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 751 N Ogden Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 770 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 800 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 831 N Milwaukee Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 965 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1720 S Michigan Condos - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1010 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1062 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1300 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1720 S Michigan Condos - caissons
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Momotaro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1301 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2400 Michigan Adventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1330 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1427 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Town Chamber of Commerce - 1465 W Chicago Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bethel New Life Child Development Center - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Bethel New Life Child Development Center - security camera
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Happy Fish & Chicken
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for NelsonHill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1223 West Jackson Land LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dana Liquors, Inc.
Awning(s) for Big JJ Fish Chicken & More, Inc.
Awning(s) for Taqueria La Paz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michaels Development Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mid Way Liquors
Awning(s) for Li Hing, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Opart Thai House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Red Apple Food & Liquor, Inc.
Awning(s) for Smaktak, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Awning(s) for Radkhan-Appletree Leland Dental, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Silliman Group LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Slaughter & Son Funeral
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5704 Building LLC
Awning(s) for Hallmark & Johnson Property Management - Privilege No. 1114200
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chatham Food Market
Awning(s) for Hallmark & Johnson Property Management - Privilege No. 1114201
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fletcher's One Stop Record TV Sales
Awning(s) for Hallmark & Johnson Property Management - Privilege No. 1114203
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mobil
Awning(s) for Hallmark & Johnson Property Management - Privilege No. 1114204
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Fruve Xpress Juicery 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 47th & Calumet Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Joe's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Project - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Project - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domestic Linen Supply Co., Inc. - fire shutter
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Domestic Linen Supply Co., Inc. - security cameras
Awning(s) for Renaissance Chicago Hotel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for D.W. Simpson Global Actuarial & Analytics Recruitment
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Glenn's Diner
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - Privilege No. 1114153
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GPA 4053 LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for H&R Block
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - Privilege No. 1114157
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hayes Properties
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - sheetings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Julius Meinl
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Marquette Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Residences Condominium on the Magnificent Mile Condo Assn., The - water vaults
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mrs. Murphy and Sons Irish Pub - flag poles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for North Center Animal Hospital, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - banners
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River North Limited Partnership No. 2 - fire escapes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River Roast
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ron of Japan, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ross Dress for Less
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Solex College
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tides at Lake Shore East LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thompson Building LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Walgreens No. 07054
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Westin Michigan Avenue, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113364
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113368
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 26-30 West Hubbard LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113371
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 712 North Dearborn LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113372
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113376
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freshii
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113377
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113378
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113381
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113382
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113383
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lincoln Park Stadium Bar and Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ravenswood Community Council - Privilege No. 1113384
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Molly's Cupcakes LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prost - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River West Meeting Assoc. - Privilege No. 1113807
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Prost - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ranalli's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for River West Meeting Assoc. - Privilege No. 1113808
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 915-925 W Schubert Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Starbucks Coffee No. 2449
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T. Salon and Gallery LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bites Asian Tapas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark Street Sports - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark Street Sports - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - Privilege No. 1114119
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Duke of Perth, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 7-Eleven - Privilege No. 1114120
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Emerald City Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jennifer K. Rowland
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gap, Inc. Store 503, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goose Island Wrigleyville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Crocodile, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jack's on Halsted
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Old Town Social
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pizzaco's Italian Eatery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rockit Burger Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vision Boutique Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Yoshi's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bright Smile Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lawrel Liquors
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Presence Medical Group
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rex Tavern
Sidewalk cafe(s) for EJ Sushi
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newberry Townhome Owners Association - sprinkler heads
Awning(s) for Carniceria Ruiz, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Broadway Cellars
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University of Chicago Facilities Services
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Newberry Townhome Owners Association - wrought iron fence
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 3632 N Cicero Ave - 200 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1615 N Wells St
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pret A Manger
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cosmopolitan Lofts Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Burlington Coat Factory
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nordstrom Rack No. 280
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Breaking Ground, Inc. - Facade
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Lalo's Mexican Restaurant - amend
Sidewalk cafe(s) for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 4715 N Broadway
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1008 S Canal St - 17ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1008 S Canal St - 45ft.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Blackwood BBQ
Sidewalk cafe(s) for River Shannon
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Joey's Shrimp House
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Kanela Breakfast Club
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 1860
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jaimes Truck Repair LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Czarnowski Display Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Associates LLC
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dinotto Pizzeria (Catering)
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rockit Bar & Grill Wrigleyville
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Newport Bar & Grille 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5460 S Archer Ave - 108 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 6057 S Western Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 5460 S Archer Ave - 134 sq. ft.
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - concourse B
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 11601 W Touhy Ave - concourse C
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 2112 N Ashland Ave
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 324 S Racine Ave
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Mr G's Diner
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Filonek's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cook County
Issuance of permits for sign(s)/signboard(s) at 1551 N Sheffield Ave - App No. 100521269
Awning(s) for  VIP Feet Feel Spa
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amy's Candy Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Conviction Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7149 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7149 - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hansa Clipper
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. (Lincoln & Byron)
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Stay, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pony Inn, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Potbelly Sandwich Works LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Resi's Bierstube, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Cousins Restaurant, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Diana's Daycare Center LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dunkin Donuts
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gordono Pharmacy, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Uptown Regency
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Clark Manor Convalescent Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Supermercado Chapala
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thresholds Grais Apts - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thresholds Grais Apts - landscaping
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Seymour Gertz
Awning(s) for Classic Hand Carwash & Detail Center, Inc.
Awning(s) for Crossroads Trading Co.
Awning(s) for Danny Hair Studio
Awning(s) for Heads & Threads Boutique
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Awning(s) for Dearborn Station Associates II Partnership
Awning(s) for Dylan's Tavern & Grill
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Grand Katachi
Awning(s) for Little Green Treehouse, The
Awning(s) for Panda Express No. 591
Awning(s) for YS Jewelry
Awning(s) for 1313-25 S. Wabash LLC
Awning(s) for Cafe Bionda
Awning(s) for Rain or Shine M.B. Church
Awning(s) for 4950 Powhatan Bld. Corp.
Awning(s) for Divine Creators Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Birrieria Ocotlan
Awning(s) for Vrdolyak Law Group LLC, The
Awning(s) for La Central Bakery
Awning(s) for Letty's Unisex & Flower Shop
Awning(s) for Taqueria El Arco No. 3 El Pollo Feliz, Inc.
Awning(s) for Guide's Sports Club
Awning(s) for IM&N Dollar Plus
Awning(s) for La Cebollita Restaurant
Awning(s) for La Central Bakery
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Thrift Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bob San
Awning(s) for Las Esperanzas
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Boden Products LLC
Awning(s) for African American Tailoring Boutique
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Yogurt Daze
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bucktown Wicker Park Dental
Awning(s) for GQ Grocery & Fast Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chandelier Factory Lofts
Awning(s) for Kids R First Learning, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chopin Theatre, Inc. - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Thomas, Perez
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for  Courtyard by Marriott - smoking management receptacles
Awning(s) for Sunshine Food & Liquor, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Goose Island Beer Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Toledo Insurance Agency, Inc.
Awning(s) for Birrieria Reyes De Ocotlan
Canopy(s) for RS Retail LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Una Mae's Freak Boutique
Canopy(s) for Francesca's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double Tree Hotel Magnificent Mile - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U-Spystore
Awning(s) for Chela's Gift Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Andies Restaurant II
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western Avenue Storage LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Double Tree Hotel Magnificent Mile - planters
Canopy(s) for Lincoln Antique Mall
Awning(s) for Chicago Foto Studio
Canopy(s) for Richard's Body Shop
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101486
Canopy(s) for Capricornio Hair Studio
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for East Bank Storage - Ohio and Kingsbury
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 90 Miles Cuban Cafe - facades
Awning(s) for Delgado Travel Agency, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for European Wax Center
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101485
Canopy(s) for Domingo Appliance
Awning(s) for El Milagro
Canopy(s) for Acadia Rush Walton LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fairfield Inn & Suites - Downtown Chicago
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101489
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 90 Miles Cuban Cafe - steps
Canopy(s) for American Osteopathic Assoc.
Awning(s) for Flor Del Monte, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Freshii
Canopy(s) for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101476
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 N Milwaukee LLC - privilege No. 1114597
Canopy(s) for Elm State Property LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd. as agent for Goodman-Friedman LLC - cornices
Canopy(s) for Hampton Inn and Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 N Milwaukee - privilege No. - 1114439
Canopy(s) for Hotel Allegro
Canopy(s) for Hyatt The Loop Chicago
Awning(s) for La Casa Del Pueblo, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tenorio Tire Shop
Awning(s) for La Fontanella
Canopy(s) for Roque Company
Canopy(s) for Social Twenty Five
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101484
Canopy(s) for Water Tower LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 1524 N Milwaukee LLC - privilege No. 1114596
Canopy(s) for 440 W Ontario LLC
Awning(s) for Mova Jewelry, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Einstein Bros. Bagels No. 1200
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing Tours & Gray Line - Privilege No. 1101466
Awning(s) for Rick's Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd. as agent for Goodman-Friedman LLC - roof eave
Canopy(s) for Gaslight Bar & Grille
Awning(s) for Super Food Mart
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Friedman Properties Ltd. as agent for Goodman-Friedman LLC - steel sheet pilings
Canopy(s) for Grossinger City Autoplex, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2318 W Huron LLC  
Awning(s) for Threading Salon, The
Canopy(s) for Pottery Barn Kids
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 5411 Empanadas
Canopy(s) for Sidetrack
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for American Sightseeing/Gray Line Tours - Privilege No. 1101488
Awning(s) for West Town Community Law Office
Awning(s) for Athena Restaurant
Canopy(s) for Yakzie's Bar & Grill
Canopy(s) for Friendly Tavern
Awning(s) for Fireplace Inn
Canopy(s) for McNamara's Food & Drinks
Awning(s) for Kiki's Bistro
Canopy(s) for Supera Property Management, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Avanti Caffe
Canopy(s) for Thorek Hospital & Medical Center
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Garland Office Condo LLC
Awning(s) for OK Heating & Cooling, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn. - catch basin
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gloria Jeans Coffee
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hertz Corp., The - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn. - grease basin
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Chipotle Mexican Grill No. 2153
Awning(s) for RH Sneed's Hardware
Awning(s) for Riverdale Body Shop
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chopin Theatre, Inc. - fire escape
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Rocco's LLC
Awning(s) for Toussaint & Associates
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Heritage Shops LLC 
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Don Pepe Carnes En Su Jugo
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea
Awning(s) for 7400 S Halsted Food and Liquors, Inc.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2877
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea - 3300 N Broadway
Awning(s) for New Knowledge Learning Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Rush Walton LLC - landscapings
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Classic Hand Carwash & Detail Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Acadia Rush Walton LLC - planters
Awning(s) for Antonios Cafe and Restaurant
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Peet's Coffee & Tea - 3500 N Halsted St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dermatology and Aesthetics of Wicker Park LLC - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Street Life
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dollop Coffee and Tea
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dermatology and Aesthetics of Wicker Park LLC - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2877
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fulton Grace Realty
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jimmy John's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Industrial Optical Service Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jerry's Sandwiches
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for John Barleycorn Memorial Pub
Canopy(s) for Bob San Sushi Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Joshua A. Lee, Attorney at Law
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Blackie's
Canopy(s) for Hollywood Grill
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bryn Mawr Belle Shore LP
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Canopy(s) for Indigo Lofts Condo Assn.
Amendment of grant(s) of privilege in public way for 77 West Wacker Drive LLC
Canopy(s) for Thai Village Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Levi's Store, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for AEB III Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corp.
Awning(s) for Holy Trinity Pentecostal Church
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
Awning(s) for Los Globos Ballroom
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bandera
Awning(s) for Reliable Auto Repair Service
Canopy(s) for Bonivino's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank of America Theatre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bombay Wraps
Awning(s) for Victor Barber Shop and Beauty Salon
Awning(s) for Terry's Place, Inc.
Canopy(s) for Red Apple Food & Liquor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Center Nails and Spa
Canopy(s) for Supermercado Mi Lupita
Awning(s) for Argus Financial Services Ltd.
Canopy(s) for Regal Beagle
Canopy(s) for Dollar Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tribune Co. - elevator hatchway
Canopy(s) for Harmony Restaurant
Awning(s) for Blooming Lotus Corp., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tribune Co. - loading platform docks
Awning(s) for Cricket
Awning(s) for Sportho Physical Therapy
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tribune Co. - pipes
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lock Up Storage Centers, The
Canopy(s) for Steffi's Unisex
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Tribune Co. - vault
Awning(s) for Fine Fair Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Max's Wine Dive
Canopy(s) for Tuscany Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mirai Sushi
Canopy(s) for Acadia Lincoln Park Centre LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Courtyard by Marriott - planters
Awning(s) for Pulaski Dollar & Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Squasht by Les
Canopy(s) for Fastenal Company
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bank Note Place Condo Assn. - manhole
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Billy Goat
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hines Interest Limited Partnership
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bonivino's, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Hyatt Regency Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Bar Association Condo Assn. - flagpoles
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC - facades
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Bar Association Condo Assn. - statue
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for IA Lodging Chicago Wabash LLC - occupation of space
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chicago Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for "I Am" Temple of Chicago, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Lakeside LLC - covered bridge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Lakeside LLC - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Digital Lakeside LLC - pedestrian tunnel
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 211 W Adams St - signs
Awning(s) for Domaine Wine Storage and Appreciation
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Floyd's 99 Illinois LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 318 S Federal St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Cocina Restaurant & Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 525 W Monroe St
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lakeside on the Park Condo Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for InterPark - 747 N Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Peoples Auto Parking Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for James Hotel Chicago
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JBC/155 Development
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Plymouth Court Garage Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pope Building Condo Assn. c/o Remax Alliance Downtown
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Dunlay's on Clark
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kay Jewelers No. 4138
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for KHL Imports Ltd.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shrine-Coup D'etat, The - facade
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Shrine-Coup D'etat, The - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Sterling Bay Companies LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury on the Park Condo Assn. - building projection
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Western & Lake Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for West Loop Smile Studio, Inc. 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Kingsbury on the Park Condo Assn. - planters
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Vanburen & Ashland Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dr. John A. Kotis and Christina Kotis
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 233 S Wacker LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Labriola Bakery Cafe
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 303 Madison
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Le Pain Quotidien
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2400 Michigan Adventures LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cafe Bionda
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CM Stone Works
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dynaprop XVIII:State Street LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michael Development Co. - S Indiana Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Michaels Development Co. - S Wabash Ave
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New 35th Indiana Currency Exchange
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - arch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Willow Automotive Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - building projections
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - door swing
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Macerich Management - vault
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DJ's Bike Doctor, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mac Management Co., Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 6083 
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Madison La Salle Partners LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Pizza - grease trap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Giordano's Pizza - revolvng door
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Greg Mutz
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liberety Life Center, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for M.W. Prince Hall Grand Lodge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pepe's Mexican Food
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for T-Mobile
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 3895
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6642
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Tree Connection
Awning(s) for Pompei Bakery
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Declan's Irish Pub
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for E.T.A. Creative Arts Foundation
Awning(s) for Magic Touch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for GCYC LLC
Awning(s) for Andrew's Caramel Apples
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Jimmy John's Jackson
Awning(s) for Foremost Liquors
Awning(s) for Fresh Market Place
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Harold's Chicken No. 24
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Awning(s) for Children City Childcare, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Town Dollar Store
Awning(s) for Paraiso Flowers
Awning(s) for Anything is Pawsible, Inc.
Awning(s) for A Pied
Awning(s) for Akira
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for DJ Travis Development Co.
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Pars Cove East
Awning(s) for Bed Bath & Beyond of California LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woodard Building, Inc. - light fixtures
Awning(s) for Fast Frame
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Woodard Building, Inc. - security cameras
Awning(s) for Fiorentino's
Awning(s) for Lottie's Pub
Awning(s) for Northside Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Co., The - covered pedestrian bridge
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taqueria El Arco No. 3 El Pollo Feliz, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Northern Trust Co., The - pedestrian bridge
Sidewalk cafe(s) for Gemini Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Cicero Archer Currency Exchange, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Tarasco
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 5287
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Handle Bars Gym II, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Jose Valle Dental
Awning(s) for Andys Fruit Ranch
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for La Cebollita Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Liquorama
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ponci-Tax
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regal Beagle
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Subway
Awning(s) for Vanessa's & Wendy's Family Hair Care
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Teddy Bear Nursery Schools, Inc.
Awning(s) for Warehouse, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7057 - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 7057 - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quick Stop Food & Liquor Mart, Inc. - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for G.D.T. Properties
Awning(s) for Red June, Inc.
Awning(s) for Starbucks Coffee No. 2514
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Milenium Travel & Income Tax Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quick Stop Food & Liquor Mart, Inc. - security cameras
Awning(s) for Webster's Wine Bar
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank - sign
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Quick Stop Food & Liquor Mart, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for Bernie's
Awning(s) for Big G's Pizza
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6730 - light fixtures
Awning(s) for GTO Auto Repair
Awning(s) for Cartridge World-Lakeview
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar Store No. 6730 - sign
Awning(s) for Cram Chicago
Awning(s) for New Polonia Club, Inc.
Awning(s) for Efes Restaurant
Awning(s) for We Smile Dental
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Yoshitaka Karate-Do, Inc. - sign
Awning(s) for General Nutrition Center No. 3903
Awning(s) for Alexandra Foods Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Rosemoor Town & Country Liquors
Awning(s) for Melrose Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for International Yoshitaka Karate-Do, Inc. - sliding security gate
Awning(s) for Chicago Billiard Cafe
Awning(s) for Moe's Cantina
Awning(s) for New Tokyo
Awning(s) for Gene's Sausage Shop & Deli, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Chapala Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wright Renaissance Child Care
Awning(s) for Pinky Nail on Southport
Awning(s) for Best Friends Veterinary Center
Awning(s) for Roanoke Hospitality LLC
Awning(s) for Rise Restaurant
Awning(s) for Toon's Bar & Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Beverly Glass Service
Awning(s) for Cafe Huong
Awning(s) for Uncle Han's Shoe Repair
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Family Dollar No. 2431
Awning(s) for Waxing Room, The
Awning(s) for George's Ice Cream Sweets
Awning(s) for Wrigleyville Dairy Queen
Awning(s) for La Unica Food Mart, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for McNally's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nicky's Hot Dogs
Awning(s) for Lian's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

Awning(s) for Marty's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Raul's Auto Service, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Nightingale Home Health Care
Awning(s) for Chan's Nails
Awning(s) for Dublin Bar & Grill
Awning(s) for Eleaven Food Co.
Awning(s) for Hubbard State Cigar Shop
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Women In Partnership
Awning(s) for Accurate Auto Service, Inc.
Awning(s) for Kinzie St. Chop House
Awning(s) for Jake Melnick's Corner Tap
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Assn. - 1751 W 95th St
Awning(s) for LaSalle Towers Condo Assn.
Awning(s) for Dr. Cesar L. Lau
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 95th Street Beverly Hills Business Assn. - 2321 W 95th St
Awning(s) for Maggiano's Little Italy 
Awning(s) for MM Surveying Co., Inc.
Awning(s) for Naniwa
Awning(s) for Riviera Maya
Awning(s) for Popeyes Chicken
Awning(s) for Rosebud-Rush
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Allan Nichols
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Historic Stand LP Holsten Real Estate
Awning(s) for Rosebud Steakhouse
Awning(s) for Yolk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
Awning(s) for 437 Rush
Awning(s) for Bobby Love's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Carbon
Awning(s) for Jimmy John's Sandwich Shops
Awning(s) for Adobo Grill
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Janet Carey - bay windows
Awning(s) for Boka
Awning(s) for Kit Kat Lounge and Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for L.A. Style Hair Salon
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Janet Carey - staircase
Awning(s) for Cafe Vienna & Catering, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Archer Heights Credit Union
Awning(s) for Gemini Bistro
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for New Archer Halsted CE, Inc.
Awning(s) for Essence of India
Awning(s) for Fountain Head
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gleatis Family Trust Larraine Zografos as Agent
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons VI Condominium Association - 1111 -- 1151 W 14th Pl
Awning(s) for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Lincoln and Byron)
Awning(s) for La Sierra Corp.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for University Commons IV Condominium Association - 1111 -- 1151 W 15th St
Awning(s) for Sola Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Metropolitan Mortgage Co.
Awning(s) for Thai Room Restaurant, Inc.
Awning(s) for Xippo
Awning(s) for Young's Restaurant
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Racine Bakery, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Wei Hao Chen
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Ridge Funeral Home No. 4190
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 2500 Throop LLC
Awning(s) for All American Nursing Home
Awning(s) for Glascott's Groggery
Awning(s) for Josephine Luk
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taco Bell No. 2513
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Club Volkan
Awning(s) for Kitchen Sink
Awning(s) for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for 3500 Archer LLC
Awning(s) for La Fonda Latino Grill
Awning(s) for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Bacci Cafe & Pizzeria Ltd.
Awning(s) for Noodle Zone, Inc.
Awning(s) for Newport Capital Partners
Awning(s) for Value Services, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ABC Choice
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Czarnowski Display Service
Awning(s) for Taste
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Safe & Sound Mobile Electronic
Awning(s) for Vtone Fitness
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Salvation Army, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Milagro
Awning(s) for Sedgwick's
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Regiomontano
Awning(s) for Zig Zag Kitchen
Awning(s) for Tarascas International
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Star Light Food Market
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taylor Street Partners LP - bay windows
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Taylor Street Partners LP - steps
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Dollar Store
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for U.S. Bank
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for El Sinaloense
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Gerardo Izaguirre
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for ADM Milling Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Home Run Inn
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Mickeys Auto
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arabia Cafe - light fixtures
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Oxford Auto Insurance
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Arabia Cafe - signs
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Self-Help Federal Credit Union
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Tropical Optical
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago, The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for CW 600 West Chicago LLC
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Denovo Constructors, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Energy Infuser, Inc., The
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fine Fair Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fine Fair Food & Liquor
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Fastenal Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Howard Food Market, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Goose Island Beer Co.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Haymarket Square Assn.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Pulaski Dollar & Food, Inc.
Grant(s) of privilege in public way for Insight Studios
