Gratitude extended to Chicago Fire Department Ambulance Commander and Paramedic Jason Raymond and Paramedic Tomasz Oskinis for life-saving rescue
Recognition extended to Smart Chicago for efforts to promote digital democracy
Recognition extended to De La Salle Institute on 125th anniversary
Recognition extended to First House of Prayer Church on 70th anniversary
Recognition extended to Northern Illinois University Law Alumni Council on awards reception
Congratulations extended to Pastor Darrell L. Jackson on 20th anniversary as pastor of Liberty Baptist Church
Congratulations extended to Dr. David Scheiner on retirement
Congratulations extended to Lucy Lacey on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Mildred M. "Millie" Morgan
Tribute to late John "Juan" Barrera 
Tribute to late John P. Mielnicki
Tribute to late Geraldine Ogorzalek
Congratulations extended to Nellie Lamantia on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Virginia Wood on 100th birthday
Tribute to late James Alter
Tribute to late Simin Behbahani
Tribute to late James Brady
Tribute to late Era Eugene "Gene" Callahan
Tribute to late Jon Cavaiani
Tribute to late Jon Erickson
Tribute to late Major General Harold J. Greene
Tribute to late Honorable George Hansen
Tribute to late James Richard "Jim" Hoel
Tribute to late Ruth Horwich
Tribute to late Honorable James Jeffords
Tribute to late Tom Leahy
Tribute to late Honorable Sophie Masloff
Tribute to late Honorable Michael J. Murray
Tribute to late Steven R. Nagel
Tribute to late Honorable Paul Schell
Tribute to late Edward A. Sprinkle
Tribute to late Dr. Jesse L. Steinfeld
Tribute to late Theodore VanKirk
Condolences extended to families of victims of 9/11 attacks and recognition extended to Navy SEALS for dedicated service in fight against terrorism
Recognition extended to Globetrotters Engineering Corporation on 40th anniversary
Tribute to late Rhenette Analeda Matthews Preston
Recognition extended to Ella Jenkins for musical contributions and congratulations on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Vivian Rankin on birthday
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Manuel Santana on retirement 
Tribute to late Willie L. (Billy) Flennoy
Congratulations extended toplayers, coaches and administration of Jackie Robinson Little League team, 2014 United States Little League Champions 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. Mack McCollum on 50th anniversary of ordination
Recognition extended to Rhema Word Church on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Emila Alcaraz
Tribute to late Gilbert A. Gay, Jr.
Tribute to late Philip G. Roux
Tribute to late William Danforth Mulliken
Congratulations extended to Mary E. Hollie on retirement from Lawrence Hall Youth Services
Congratulations extended to Pat Harney on retirement from Chicago Department of Transportation
Congratulations extended to LeRoy W. Herrick on 90th birthday
Recognition extended to Ella Jenkins for musical contributions and congratulations on 90th birthday
Recognition extended to Soraya Sheppard for efforts in fighting legacy of Apartheid in South Africa 
Honorary street designation as "Chuks "The Hammer" Echeazu Way"
Honorary street designation as "Peter Thornton, Sr. Way"
Recognition extended to metastatic breast cancer survivors, medical and scientific professionals working to advance fight against breast cancer
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Coach Phil Dunne Way"
Honorary street designation as "Bob Edwards Way"
Honorary street designation as "Peter Desanto Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Florentina Santos Way"
Honorary street designation as "Kevin P. Sheppard Way"
Honorary street designation as "Institute of Positive Education Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Theodore Spyropoulos Way"
Honorary street designation as "F. Timothy Muri Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Marillac Way"
Honorary street designation as Honorary Annie Mae Dyson
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Pastor James Ford, Jr."
Honorary street designation as "Apostle Bridget C. Outlaw Way"
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Javier Alonso, Joel A. Bentley, Lawrence W. Kerr, Ladonna F. Simmons and Michael M. Wrobel on apprehension of dangerous felon
Congratulations extended to Chicago International Film Festival on 50th anniversary
Recognition extended to Lincoln Park Zoo's Lionel Train Adventure and declaration of October 2, 2014, as "Lionel Train Adventure Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Honorable Earlean Collins on retirement
Congratulations extended to Jim and Gerry Meekma on 60th wedding anniversary
Recognition extended to F. Timothy Muri for contributions to Easter Seals Metropolitan Chicago
Congratulations extended to Chicago Hope Academy on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Garrett Popcorn Shops on 65th anniversary and declaration of September 18, 2014, as "Garrett Popcorn Shops Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to Dr. Sandy Goldberg and A Silver Lining Foundation for contributions and declaration of October 11, 2014, as "A Silver Lining Foundation Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Janice Aaron on retirement
Call for honorary street renaming to memorialize Oscar Brown, Jr.
Tribute to late Thelma Yvette Burns
Tribute to late Pauline Stokes
Congratulations extended to Institute of Positive Education on 45th anniversary
Tribute to late Lottie Mae Daniels
Tribute to late Luis Rodriguez
Recognition extended to Peter DeSanto for contributions to Bridgeport community
Tribute to late Ronald S. Szykowny
Tribute to late Thomas H. Boggs, Jr.
Tribute to late Dr. Roderick "Rory" Childers
Tribute to late Sue Gin
Tribute to late Molly Glynn
Tribute to late Yitzhak Hofi
Tribute to late Thomas Kirkpatrick, Jr.
Tribute to late Paul Kraus
Tribute to late Roy Leonard
Tribute to late Honorable Alan E. Morrill
Tribute to late Charlene "Char" Diane Murphy
Tribute to late Jack M. Siegel
Tribute to late Brigadier General James F. Smith
Congratulations extended to Alderman Natashia Holmes on passing Illinois Bar Exam
Congratulations extended to Gene Niezgoda on 90th birthday and declaration of October 10, 2014, as "Gene Niezgoda Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to Peter Thornton, Sr. and Focal Point Team for contributions to Chicago economy and declaration of November 5, 2014, as "Peter Thornton, Sr. Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to City of Chicago Streets and Sanitation employees Orlean Williams and Linda Paige for heroic actions
Tribute to late George Lee Thompson
Congratulations extended to A Safe Haven on 20th anniversary and declaration of July 13, 2014 as "A Safe Haven Day" in State of Illinois and City of Chicago 
Tribute to late Rhenette Analeda Matthews Preston
Congratulations extended to Commissioner Rosemarie S. Andolino on retirement from Chicago Department of Aviation
Congratulations extended to Marillac Social Center on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Walter L. Sojka
Congratulations extended to Christ Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church of Austin on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Mary Lyon Local School Council and Field Committee on receipt of funds for completion of renovation project
Tribute to late Denise Marlaye Johnston "Niecy"
Tribute to late Latonia Monix
Recognition extended to Apostle Yvonne Lee-Wilson and congratulations extended to Real Women of God Fellowship on 18th annual conference and 28th year of fellowship
Tribute to late James "Jimmy" Taylor
Tribute to late Harry Smeltzer
Tribute to late Marlene J. Majeske
Congratulations extended to Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Bukiewicz on appointment as Secretary for Personnel and Lieutenant Colonel  Susan Bukiewicz on appointment as Secretary for Officer Resource and Development for The Central Territory of The Salvation Army 
Tribute to late Dr. Frank Arthur Raila
Tribute to late Joseph Thomas Varallo Sr.
Congratulations extended to Jan Baxter on retirement
Congratulations extended to Reverend Helen Cooper on 40th anniversary of ordination
Gratitude extended to Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine on creation of Global Health Initiative Fund
Recognition extended to Local First Chicago "Unwrap Chicago" campaign and call for support of locally-owned independent businesses
Tribute to late Samuel Nii Odotei Owoo-Battlet Sr. 
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Jorge Flores for heroic actionsts
Congratulations extended to George Rogers Clark Elementary School on outstanding academic achievements
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Oscar Brown, Jr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Corporal Dennis S. Totcoff"
Gratitude extended to Theophilus Moore, Jr. for distinguished military service and congratulations on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Amber Sain on academic achievement
Congratulations extended to Lynwood Stephens on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Mary Elizabeth Hunt
Tribute to late Richard Anderson Jackson
Tribute to late Dorothy L. Nute
Tribute to late Donald G. Janosek
Tribute to late Mary B. Lynch
Tribute to late Eugene G. Petit
Tribute to late Charles J. Shilney
Tribute to late Ruby Lee Berry
Tribute to late Jessie Mae Manuel
Recognition extended to Victor Both for contributions to Beverly Hills/Morgan Park community
Tribute to late Theodore (Ted) George Spyropoulos
Tribute to late Samuel Warren Richardson
Tribute to late Clematine "Tina" Summerville
Tribute to late Alfred DeShawn White
Tribute to late Joseph B. Carini, Jr.
Tribute to late Jane Marshall Nagle
Tribute to late Joseph R. Nora, M.D.
Tribute to late Edward J. Perchess
Tribute to late John W. Spellman
Tribute to late Thelma M. Wians
Congratulations extended to Jim Macdonald on retirement
Gratuitude extended to Police Sergeants Mike Nowacki and Patrick Eberling and Officers Piotr Nestorowicz, Davis Murillo, Daniel Vo, Jerry Zanders and Patrick Niedzielak on apprehension of carjackers
Congratulations extended to Ron and Paul Kozy and Kozy Cycerly on receipt of Illinois Retailer of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Rosemarie "Rosie" S. Andolino on retirement 
Recognition extended to William O'Leary for contributions as president of Apartment Building Owners and Managers of Illinois
Congratulations extended to Flo & Santos Pizza and Pierogi on being named one of Chicago's best pizza eateries for year 2014
Congratulations extended to East-West University on 11th annual scholarship dinner
Tribute to late Police Officer John Mathews 
Recognition extended to Sacred Heart School on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Reverend Robert Jerome Botthof
Tribute to late Ben Bradlee
Tribute to late Evelyn Echols
Tribute to late Sister Kab Kyoung Kim
Tribute to late Honorable John J. Lanigan
Tribute to late Frank Mankiewicz
Tribute to late Honorable Jerome F. "JR" McBride, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas Menino
Tribute to late Dr. Joseph R. Nora
Tribute to late Reverend and Right Honorable Ian Paisley
Tribute to late Sister Jean Stickney
Congratulations extended to Dr. Richard L. Gamelli on retirement
Gratitude extended to Fae Gedz for service military service
Gratitude extended to Thomas Jones for military service
Congratulations extended to Johnny Lattner on 82nd birthday and declaration of December 15, 2014, as "Johnny Lattner Day" in Chicago
Gratitude extended to Stanley Morek for military service
Gratitude extended to Honorable Stephanie D. Neely for dedicated service as Chicago City Treasurer 
Gratitude extended to James J. O'Connor for service on behalf of 100 Club of Chicago and declaration of November 13, 2014, as "James J. O'Conner Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to James Smith on retirement from United States Marshals Service
Gratitude extended to John Ullinskey for military service
Gratitude extended to St. Jane de Chantel Parish on anniversary celebration
Congratulations extended to Samuel J. Dacanay on achieving rank of eagle scout
Congratulations extended to Gerald M. Soukal on achieving rank of eagle scout
Tribute to late Leatha Beatrice Crumble
Gratitude extended to Police Commander Jose Ramirez, Captain Thomas Karnick, Lieutenant William Mullane and officers of 17th District for professionalism
Recognition extended to Lake View High School on 140th anniversary 
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Moreen K. Hanrahan, James E. Browne, Jose L. Castaneda, James F. Corcoran, Sean B. Forde and Ronald A. Jasica for apprehension of dangerous felon
Recognition extended to Building Inspector William Guinane for selfless actions leading to apprehension of felon
Honorary street designation renaming as "Chief Justice Mary Ann Grohwin McMorrow Plaza Drive"
Tribute to late Police Commander Lupe Pena
Tribute to late Honorable Lane Evans
Congratulations extended to Steve Ginsburg, Paul Rosenblum and RAM Racing on 7th annual Hot Chocolate 15k/5k
Recognition extended to Siva Yam for leadership and contributions on behalf of United States of America-China Chamber of Commerce
Recognition extended to Marshall Thompson on 65th year of entertainment contributions
Congratulations extended to Jewish B2B Networking on 4th annual free business and employment expo - The Business Event
Tribute to late Richard F. Degnan 
Honorary street designation as "Daisaku Ikeda Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mary Ella McCoy Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Jay B. Ross Way"
Recognition extended to Esther Marie Myrieckes Barnett for contributions to Bronzeville community
Recognition extended to Illinois War of 1812 bicentennial Commission 
Congratulations extended to Rodney Shelley on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Raymond Westbrook on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to James Harvey Bowen High School on 100th anniversary
Recognition extended to Mayor Daley Summer Track Program 
Gratitude extended to Stephanie D. Neely for distinguished service as City Treasurer
Congratulations extended to Alcott College Prep - East girls cross-country team on winning Chicago Public Schools city championship in elementary division
Congratulations extended to Decalogue Society of Lawyers on 80th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Tom Norberg for lifesaving actions 
Tribute to late Cartella D. Jennings
Congratulations extended to Honorable Cheryl D. Cesario on retirement from Cook County Circuit Court
Tribute to late Honorable Philip Crane
Congratulations extended to Honorable Abner J. Mikva on receipt of Presidential Medal of Freedom
Congratulations extended to The Niagara Foundation on 10th anniversary
Tribute to late Dr. Michael Koller
Tribute to late Honorable John T. Downey
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant John R. Andrews on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Allen D. Cain on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Josie G. Contreras on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James P. Heneghan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Susan G. Heneghan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Christine M. Hitney on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Francisco J. Luera on retirement 
Tribute to late John D. Norcross
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Kestutis L. Palukaitis on retirement  
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mary T. Quinlan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Robert W. Rooker III on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Vida J. Sheehan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Field Training Officer Stephen J. Wilinski on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Terrence Patrick Allen
Congratulations extended to Jewish B2B Networking on success of 2014 Business Event
Tribute to late Albert Davis Cheeks
Tribute to late Mary Ella McCoy
Tribute to late Raymond J. Adreani
Tribute to late Dr. Joseph R. Nora
Congratulations extended to Sauganash School cross-country team on finishing second in City championship
Congratulations extended to Pilsen Neighbors Community Council on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Dolores "Dutchie" Caray on 85th birthday
Recognition extended to His Eminence Francis Eugene Cardinal George, O.M.I. for service as Archbishop of Chicago 
Gratitude extended to Firefighter/EMT Kevin Corley and Firefighter/EMT Antonio Artis for heroic life-saving rescue
Honorary street designation as "Henry J. 'Hank' Rutkowski, Sr. Way"
Congratulations extended to Bernice Jefferson on 101st birthday and gratitude for contributions to New Original Church of God in Christ congregation
Gratitude extended to Janet C. Harris-Sutton on 30 years of music ministry and broadcasting
Tribute to late Peter Haywood, Jr.
Tribute to late Claude Wyatt III
Gratitude extended to Triangle Plumbers Club for dedicated and praiseworthy service to communities
Tribute to late Mario Bustos
Tribute to late Honorable Marion Barry
Tribute to late Thomas J. Durkin
Tribute to late Salvatore Ferrara II
Tribute to late Cindy Gatziolis
Tribute to late Thomas M. Hanley
Tribute to late Honorable John T. Keleher
Tribute to late Thomas R. Leach
Tribute to late Honorable John J. Mannion
Tribute to late Honorable Jesse L. Miller, Jr.
Tribute to late Dr. Thomas E. Murphy
Tribute to late Mike Nichols
Tribute to late Frank J. Schaffer
Tribute to late Peter James Wilkes
Congratulations extended to Arthur J. Bilek on retirement as vice-president of Chicago Crime Commission and declaration of December 31, 2014 as "Arthur J. Bilek Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Anna Bienias on 95th birthday and declaration of December 29, 2014 as "Anna Bienias Day" in Chicago
Gratitude extended to Greater Chicago Food Depository for efforts to eradicate hunger among children in Illinois
Congratulations extended to Richard Hunt on special DNA art exhibit at Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art 
Recognition extended to Resurrection University on 100th anniversary and declaration of January 7, 2015 as "Resurrection University Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Linda Creighton on retirement 
Congratulations extended to police Officer Richard Dowling on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Howard Lindsey on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Tracy Watson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Linda Creighton on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Richard Dowling on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Howard Lindsey on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Tracy Watson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Earle STEM Elementary School on participation in Our American Voice® program
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Millaun M. Brown on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Janice Ellis on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Patricia Merriweather on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Juan Morado on retirement 
Congratulations extended to police Officer James "Colonel" Wells on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mark S. Yelverton on retirement 
Gratitude extended to Jay B. Ross for lifetime contributions 
Tribute to late Mildred Louise Ewing
Tribute to late Jimmy Lee Pounds, Sr.
Recognition extended to Pablo Medina for contributions to City of Chicago and declaration of December 10, 2014 as "Pablo Medina Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Laurance Ann Carlisle
Congratulations extended to Earlean Collins on retirement from distinguished career in public service
Tribute to late Eugene O. "Gene-O" Johnson
Tribute to late Barbara L. Monahan
Tribute to late Louise Raia
Tribute to late Robert Smerch
Congratulations and gratitude extended to Chicago Jewelers Assn. for contributions to economic vitality of City of Chicago and State of Illinois
Tribute to late Timothy "Tim" J. Mitchell
Congratulations extended to City Wide Symphony Orchestra on 68th season
Declaration of December 8 through 14, 2014 as "Computer Science Week" in Chicago and congratulations extended to Lake View High School on participation in R&D STEM Learning Exchange
Tribute to late Maura Wicklin
Gratitude extended to Joe Faraci for contributions to community and commitment to business and neighborhood within 48th Ward
Honorary street designation as "William (Bill) Power Way"
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Elizabeth E. Foley
Tribute to late Edward C. Krueger
Tribute to late William Naughton
Tribute to late Richard "Dickie" Harris
Congratulations extended to Marillac St. Vincent Family Services on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Kenneth L. Hunter for dedicated service with Chicago Public Schools and honorary street designation as "Kenneth L. Hunter Way"
Congratulations extended to Lester A. Goodman on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Pilgrim Baptist Church on 99th anniversary
Tribute to late Paul Rosenthal
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas F. O'Grady on retirement 
Tribute to late Leposava "Ria" Erdelyi
Tribute to late Louis E. Grassi
Tribute to late Ellen M. Manning
Congratulations extended to Robert C. Buckley, Jr. on retirement as Coordinator of Intergovernmental Affairs for Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Maureen Roche Kennedy and Sister Josephine Roche on 90th birthday
Honorary street designation as "Joseph 'Little Joe' Arredia Way"
Honorary street designation as "Pres. Bishop Frederick Mitchell Street"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary James B. McCormick M.D. Way"
Congratulations extended to Joseph Jogmen on 70th birthday
Congratulations extended to Bob Newhart on 50 years in show business
Recognition extended to Youth Technology Corps for educational and employment programs
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Barbara Carson McEwing Way"
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Eugene Olison Way"
Honorary street designation as "William 'Bill' Power Way"
Gratitude extended to Captain Edward Kulbida for heroic actions in apprehension of violent fugitive 
Gratitude extended to Accion Chicago for leadership in microlending and development of Chicago Microlending Institute and Chicago Neighborhood Initiatives, and Women's Business Corporation for partnership 
Tribute to late Honorable Judy Baar Topinka
Congratulations extended to Police Officer John Travaglini on retirement 
Tribute to late Marcelino Moreno
Recognition extended to Fresenius Kabi, iHeart Radio, ABC 7 Eyewitness News and Univision for partnering and supporting American Red Cross of Chicago and Northern Illinois on 100th blood drive campaign
Tribute to late Alfred Edward Watson
Tribute to late Frank H. Gibbons
Tribute to late William "Bill" Power
Tribute to late John M. Luzzi
Tribute to late Gale E. Padgurskis
Congratulations extended to Catherine Kiszkan on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Honorable Ronald J.P. Banks
Tribute to late Dr. Henry Betts
Tribute to late Eileen C. Boland
Tribute to late Ernest Cary Brace
Tribute to late Honorable Sue Brady
Tribute to late Charles T. Brumback
Tribute to late William Henry Callaghan
Tribute to late Reverend Johnnie Colemon
Tribute to late James J. Concannon
Tribute to late Honorable Mario Cuomo
Tribute to late Marie "Cookie" D'Amico
Tribute to late Marion Eichholz
Tribute to late Thomas Fitzgibbon
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Gilliam
Tribute to late Richard C. Hottelet
Tribute to late Honorable Ronnie Lewis
Tribute to late Reverend William J. Lion
Tribute to late Homer J. Livingston, Jr.
Tribute to late Lawrence E. Morrissey
Tribute to late Honorable Rosemary Mulligan
Tribute to late Bess Myerson
Congratulations extended to Police Officer James Krok on retirement 
Tribute to late Leo Raymond Newcombe
Tribute to late Honorable Romie J. Palmer
Tribute to late Jane Ellen Raley
Tribute to late Robert Ready
Tribute to late Suzane Reynolds
Tribute to late Reverend James M. Sayers
Tribute to late Dr. James Schroeder
Tribute to late Stuart Scott
Tribute to late Celene Siedlecki
Tribute to late Robert W. Smith, Jr.
Tribute to late Jerome Stone
Tribute to late John P. Sweeney
Tribute to late Ernie Terrell
Congratulations extended to Noreen Jeannette O'Brien Andersen on being named member of Irish Women's National Lacrosse Team
Congratulations extended to Nancy Ann Andrasco on 25th anniversary as principal of St. Jane de Chantal School
Tribute to late Ruth E. Egan
Gratitude extended to Dr. Bechara Choucair M.D., M.S., for service and leadership as commissioner of Chicago Department of Public Health
Congratulations extended to Illinois State Police Director Hiram Grau on retirement
Gratitude extended to Honorable Julie Hamos for service as director of Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services
Congratulations extended to Police Deputy Chief Leo Schmitz on appointment as Director of Illinois State Police 
Congratulations extended to Pera Wirszup on 100th birthday and declaration of January 21, 2015, as "Pera Wirszup Day" in Chicago
Condolences and expression of sympathy extended to victim's of terrorist attack in Paris, France
Tribute to late Terrell Jenkins, Jr.
Tribute to late Willa Dean Latham Outlaw
Tribute to late James William Pipkins, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Forever Fitness LLC on hosting  "Ditch the Weight & Guns Englewood 5K Walk & Run"
Congratulations extended to Fosco Park Chargers on winning championship in Junior Bear Tackle Football Program
Tribute to late Adam Schantz and recognition extended to "Friends of Adam" on 6th anniversary
Tribute to late Ivory Mae Brown-Wilder
Tribute to late Mary Lee Freeman
Tribute to late Virginia Johnson
Tribute to late Essie Stephenson
Tribute to late Patrick J. Cafferkey
Tribute to late Winifred Duffy
Tribute to late Margaret E. "Peggy" Edsey
Tribute to late Francey A. Gecht
Tribute to late Walter A. Gould
Tribute to late Mary L. Luna
Tribute to late Frances "Fannie" T. Slisz
Gratitude extended to Police Commander Jose Ramirez, Captain Thomas Karnick, Lieutenant William Mullane and officers of 17th District for professionalism
Recognition extended to Ashod "Mr. Ash" Baboorian for accomplishments
Declaration of February 17 as "Food Checkout Day" and recognition extended to Cook County Farm Bureau®, Ronald McDonald House Charities® of Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana for charitable efforts
Congratulations extended to Magda Krance on 60th birthday
Tribute to late David Fagus
Recognition extended to George Mikan for contributions to Croatian-American community
Tribute to late Honorable Edward Brooke
Gratitude extended to Eric J. Bonano for dedicated public service as City Council  Assistant Sergent-at-Arms
Congratulations extended to Hector Colon on academic achievements
Congratulations extended to American Heart Association for 11th anniversary of Go Red For Women campaign
Honorary street designation as "John S. Gac Way"  - amend
Honorary street designation as "The Honorable Richard J. Elrod Way" 
Honorary street designation as "Lech Kaczynski Way" 
Tribute to late Honorable JoAnn Thompson
Congratulations extended to Alexander Kapustka on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Michael J. Frederick
Honorary street designation as "Suzanne P. Salesandro Way"
Honorary street designation as "Derrion J. Albert Way"
Honorary street designation as "Alphonse "Fonzie" Cozzi, Jr."
Honorary street designation as "Morabito Way"
Honorary street designation as "Joe-Ella Williams Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ann S. Jhin Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary James J. Schamne Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Henry L. Sutton, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Ted G. Spyropoulos Way"
Honorary street designation as "Officer John W. Mathews Way"
Honorary street designation as "The Midtown Way"
Amendment of honorary street designation "Pastor James Ford, Jr.
Honorary street designation as "Honorary San O & Peter Porr Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Ms. Ollie's Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mario Stefanini Way"
Honorary street designation as "Bruce Garrison, CPD Way"
Honorary street designation as "Anthony 'Pops' Di Novo"
Honorary street designation as "Luis Rodriguez Way"
Tribute to late Reverend Willie T. Barrow
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Wadell Hardy III for life-saving efforts
Congratulations extended to Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library Foundation on 15th anniversary and publishing of "Gettysburg Replies: The World Responds to Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address"
Tribute to late Terrence Patrick Allen
Honorary street designation as "Joseph DiLeonardi Way"
Congratulations extended to Debra Lynn Mary Vallone on retirement from Chicago Department of Buildings
Congratulations extended to St. Paul Church of God in Christ on 21st anniversary and gratitude to Bishop Charles Mason Ford for stewardship
Congratulations extended to Neighborhood Housing Services of Chicago on 40th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Pastor Snirly Fred Simpson, Sr. for forty years of leadership at Mount Ridge Missionary Baptist Church
Congratulations extended to Trinity Episcopal Church on 173rd anniversary
Recognition extended to Prince Hall for humanitarian contributions, and expression of support for creation of Prince Hall stamp by United States Postal Service
Recognition extended to Gladys Hardnick-Bouyer on exceptional career and philanthropic commitment to community
Tribute to late Alphonse Cozzi, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Angel Diaz on accomplishments and leadership in student government
Tribute to late Walter C. Bradley, Jr.
Tribute to late Police Officer Robert T. Bresnahan, Sr.
Tribute to late Police Sergeant James J. Concannon
Tribute to late James P. Coughlin, Jr.
Tribute to late James J. Hayes, Sr.
Tribute to late Robert La Francis
Tribute to late Aracelis Luna
Tribute to late Edward S. Pakula
Tribute to late Enrique Palafox
Tribute to late Emilia M. Sarna
Tribute to late Armon R. Schmidt
Tribute to late Nancy Schreiber
Tribute to late Rita Faye Twardy
Tribute to late His Majesty King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia
Tribute to late Christopher J. Agrella
Tribute to late Ernie Banks
Tribute to late Elmer L. Beard, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Henry A. Budzinski
Tribute to late Honorable Calvin Campbell
Tribute to late Carol L. Cavanaugh
Tribute to late Suhail al Chalabi
Tribute to late James E. Clark
Tribute to late Honorable D. Michael Collins
Tribute to late Honorable Deedee Corradini
Tribute to late Suzon K. Daly
Tribute to late David DeCoursey
Tribute to late Charlotte Ditka
Tribute to late Victor Ignacio Dziekiewicz
Tribute to late Leo A. Dombrowski
Tribute to late His Eminence Edward Cardinal Egan
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Fuchs
Tribute to late Honorable Michael R. Galasso
Tribute to late Melvin Gordon
Tribute to late Reverend Theodore Hesburgh
Tribute to late Leon Kent
Tribute to late Honorable F. Ray Keyser, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable George Kramer
Tribute to late Joseph Langdell
Tribute to late Leo Latz, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Ronald E. Magnes
Tribute to late James R. Masek
Tribute to late Orestes "Minnie" Minoso
Tribute to late Owen A. "Casey" Moran
Tribute to late Honorable Alan Nunnelee
Tribute to late Kevin T. O'Brien
Tribute to late Janet S. Otwell
Tribute to late Andrew Patner
Tribute to late Kenneth G. Pigott
Tribute to late Danielle Riley
Tribute to late Honorable John Winthrop Robinson
Tribute to late Honorable David Schmidt
Tribute to late Edward F. Sheehy
Tribute to late Lily Tolpo
Tribute to late Robert E. White
Tribute to late Dr. Irving Zitman
Tribute to late Edward J. "Eddie" Zolna, Sr.
Gratitude extended to William C. Bartholomay for multifarious accomplishments and contributions to Major League Baseball, and declaration of May 18, 2015 as "William C. Bartholomay Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to John Cody on exemplary career in journalism and retirement from WBBM Newsradio 
Congratulations extended to Common and John Legend on monumental achievement in music and film industry
Recognition extended to Margaret Hackett for perseverance and fortitude in overcoming challenges of debilitating disease
Congratulations extended to Sherren Leigh on retirement and success of Today's Chicago Woman magazine, and declaration of November 19, 2015 as "Sherren Leigh Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to Bruce Meredith for exemplary customer service for Chicago Transit Authority
Congratulations extended to Graham Moore on winning Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for film "The Imitation Game"
Gratitude extended to Cook County Assistant State Attorney Barry Quinn on heroic action leading to capture of fleeing murder suspect
Gratitude extended to Raymond Robinson and Zet Smith for heroic life-saving efforts 
Gratitude extended to Masaharu Yoshida for dedicated service as Consul-General of Japan in Chicago
Tribute to late Shirley Velasquez
Tribute to late Samuel King
Tribute to late Marie Artillia Demler
Tribute to late Jacqueline Gail Green
Tribute to late Haydees Kitchens (Dee)
Tribute to late Genevieve Sullivan Mallory
Tribute to late Juneter Mayes
Tribute to late Alderman JoAnn Thompson
Tribute to late Ronda L. Wheeler
Congratulations extended to David Zavaterro on retirement from Chicago Department of Transportation
Tribute to late Joe-Ella Williams and declaration of August 21 as "Joe-Ella Williams Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Georges "Kiki" Cuisance on 25-year success of Kiki's Bistro
Congratulations extended to Tina Weisinger and Amberr Washington on successful production of 34th Chicago Music Awards
Tribute to late Joseph Edwards
Tribute to late Maggie Nell "Lady Margo" Hadnot
Tribute to late Marcus Anthony Ward
Tribute to late Bishop Gordon A. Humphrey, Jr.
Tribute to late Reverend Barbara Carson McEwing
Tribute to late Alderman JoAnn Thompson
Congratulations extended to Eric Francisco Jonas and Alexandria Rene Jonas on birth of daughter, Marilea Petra Jonas
Tribute to late Frank C. Catino
Tribute to late Earl G. Christensen
Tribute to late Konstantina Diantzikis
Tribute to late Adrienne V. Gleason
Tribute to late Donna Karson, nee Kotwica
Tribute to late Arthur J. Schoendorff
Tribute to late Bernard A. Ughetti
Tribute to late Gary M. Wipperfurth
Congratulations extended to Geoffrey P. Cooper-Stanton on retirement as Senior Vice President at Albany Bank & Trust Co., N.A.
Congratulations extended to Audrey Jahns on academic and athletic achievements, and voluntary community efforts
Congratulations extended to North Park Village on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Margaret Herula on providing voluntary service as yoga instructor for Chicago Park District
Tribute to late John Vorrasi
Congratulations extended to Nadig Newspapers on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Mary Saieva on 100th birthday
Honorary street designation as "Pres. Bishop Frederick Mitchell Street"
Tribute to late Thomas E. McCarter
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Leonard M. Herman Way"
Honorary street designation as "Zhou Brothers Way" at 1029 W 35th St
Honorary street designation as "Zhou Brothers Way" at W 35th St and S Morgan St
Honorary street designation as "Emily Beazley Avenue"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Lee Grant Cook Avenue"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary James P. Connelly Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jan Metzger Court"
Gratitude extended to Fire Department Ambulance Commander Sheila Gara and Fire Paramedic Christopher Hunter on skilled medical rescue
Tribute to late Michael R. Flisk
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Anthony N. Brown on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William J. Calabrese on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael T. Chevalier on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael J. Conley on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Brian S. Degendardt on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Carol R. Domino on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Lenore Flaherty on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Martin F. Gainer on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael C. Gerhardstein on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Anthony J. Golczak on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Carmen L. Grau on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police  Sergeant Max J. Guajardo on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Francis R. Higgins on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Therese A. Hoffman on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael Janus on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patricia L. Kane on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James J. Keating on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert M. Kuczynski on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael A. Lacey on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Donald W. Larisey Jr. on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Susan J. Mackrola on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Stephen L. Martin on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Keith S. Mayo on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Albert McCaffery Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Gillian E. McLaughlin on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert T. Mizera on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Clifford E. Morland on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William J. Morley on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kenneth Novacich on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Milton Owens on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Charles M. Popielarz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edward Praznowski on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael J. Prusank on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Bruce J. Rapa on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Susan Rashad on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Tony Rizzo on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Oracio Ruiz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant David P. Schmidt on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Matthew Jordan Sebek on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant  Richard Sherman on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph B. Shine on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael J. Siciliano on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William J. Stevens on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Louis A. Vasquez on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant David H. Welbel on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William A. Whalen on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James P. Williamson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Willard J. Wright on retirement 
Gratitude extended to U.S. Army Staff Sergeant De'Andre Hayes for dedicated service 
Tribute to late Sherman Carter 
Tribute to late Katelyn Marie Carlson
Tribute to late Richard J. Kamik Sr. 
Tribute to late Donald Allen Melson 
Tribute to late Rudolph F. Sinsky 
Tribute to late Raymond K. Stanton 
Tribute to late Natalie A. Taglia 
Congratulations extended to St. Edward School on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Robert Cannatello on retirement from Department of Water Management
Tribute to late James Furlong Sr. 
Tribute to late Mark Zwang 
Congratulations extended to Niedersachsen Club on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Kathleen Lamb Hannon 
Tribute to late Ron Santo 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Nicholas Brown on election as pastor
Tribute to late Sam Aleo
Tribute to late Patricia Fornek 
Tribute to late John S. Gac 
Tribute to late Helen L. Stillo 
Tribute to late Josefina Regalado 
Tribute to late Honorable Rose Marie Brown
Tribute to late Honorable Gloria D. D'Amico 
Tribute to late Lillian Gault 
Tribute to late Richard Holbrooke 
Tribute to late James Alexander Jack 
Tribute to late Douglas Kramer 
Tribute to late Honorable Kenneth Lee 
Tribute to late Gene McCaffery 
Tribute to late Honorable Carlos Andres Perez
Tribute to late Evelyn Margaret Ralston 
Tribute to late Wade Ray 
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas G. Shaughnessy 
Tribute to late Honorable Dov Shilansky 
Tribute to late Donald J. Stensland 
Tribute to late Barry Zorthian 
Recognition extended to Kathy McMahon for courageous actions
Tribute to late Nelson Bridges 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas Aguina on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Lawrence J. Aikin on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Daniel R. Amidei on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ralph C. Archulita on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard Aztlan on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Teresa I. Biebel on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jerrold M. Bosak on retirement 
Honorary street designation as "Snicker Drive"
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Mohammad K. Shamah for heroic lifesaving efforts
Congratulations extended to Fire Paramedic Brian Helmold; Lieutenant Dennis Cahill; Firefighter John McCarthy; and Firefighter/EMT Monyett Crump for heroic rescue
Tribute to late Brian Gerard Donovan 
Honorary street designation as "Officer Julio J. Lucotti Jr Way"
Tribute to late Dr Robert L Johnson 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Paul T. Farrell on retirement 
Tribute to late Erwin J. Korczynski
Tribute to late William F. Coen 
Tribute to late Mary Alice Doherty 
Tribute to late Dolores Dural 
Tribute to late Robert J. Gunterberg 
Tribute to late Josephine Latronico 
Gratitude extended to Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine for creating Global Health Initiative Fund and declaration of  September 30, 2015 as Global Health Day in Chicago
Tribute to late Alice M. Lebed 
Tribute to late Marie F. Rozak 
Tribute to late Bonnie S. Citron
Tribute to late Karen Orahood
Tribute to late RoseMarie Torres
Tribute to late Reverend Leon Johnson
Tribute to late Matthew J. Bozek
Tribute to late Kathleen L. Calicchio
Tribute to late Maria Mondero
Tribute to late Margaret Mary Farrell
Tribute to late John A. Paterno
Congratulations extended to Joseph DiCiaula on achieving rank of Eagle Scout 
Congratulations extended to Daniel Renkosiak on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Congregation Or Chadash on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Great Chicago Chardonnay Showdown Day on 35th anniversary and best wishes to winemaker Mike Grgich on 92nd birthday
Congratulations extended to Shriners Hospitals for Children-Chicago on 90th anniversary
Tribute to late Don A. Banta
Tribute to late Chester L. Blair
Tribute to late Stephen Cole
Tribute to late Honorable Wilbur E. Crooks
Tribute to late Evelyn P. Glieberman
Tribute to late Victor Gotbaum
Tribute to late William Griffin
Tribute to late Patrick E. Mahoney
Tribute to late Reverend Howard S. Nichols, Sr.
Tribute to late Seymour H. Persky
Tribute to late Honorable Francis J. Reilly
Congratulations extended to Coach Mike Krzyzewski on selection as Grand Marshal of Polish Constitution Day Parade and declaration of May 2, 2015 as "Coach K. Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Dr. Milton J. Rosenberg on academic achievements and 40 years of broadcasting excellence
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Sergio Valdez and Michael Lawrence for heroic and life-saving actions
Congratulations extended to Youth Service Project on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Leola White on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Stanley Wozniak on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Joseph George DiLeonardi on accomplishments in law enforcement and sports
Tribute to late Bernard K. Block
Recognition extended to Ed Bannon for dedicated service on behalf of Six Corners Association
Tribute to Late Alderman Bernard Stone
Congratulations extended to Uplift High School basketball team on winning Class 2A state championship 
Congratulations extended to Renaissance Knights Chess Foundation champions
Congratulations extended to Jack's Restaurant on 50 years in business
Honorary street designation as "Police Officer Benjamin Perez Way"
Congratulations extended to Kandi "KC" Conda for professional accomplishments
Honorary street designation as "Police Officer Michael Gordon Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary David Fagus Way"
Honorary street designation as "Zhou Brothers Way" at 1029 W 35th St
Honorary street designation as "Zhou Brothers Way" at intersection of 35th St and Morgan St
Tribute to late Honorable Louis Stokes
Honorary street designation as "Mamie Bones Way"
Honorary street designation as "Albert Bailey, Sr."
Congratulations extended to Patricia Jonikaitis on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Tribute to late Eugene Dengler 
Tribute to late Mary Ellen Devaney
Tribute to late Kathryn Louise Dowell
Tribute to late Jacqueline M. Gray 
Tribute to late Candis Ricks
Tribute to late Katherine I. Higginbottom 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Transit Authority on launch of Train Tracker program
Tribute to late Robert Sargent Shriver 
Tribute to late Fred Rice Jr. 
Gratitude extended to Manuel Gonzalez and 1st Ward Streets and Sanitation staff for storm recovery efforts
Tribute to late Mildred J. Armstrong 
Tribute to late Denise Jackson
Tribute to late Henrence Norment 
Tribute to late Doris McDonald Townsend 
Congratulations extended to Judy Tucker on retirement as Director of Constituent Services in 1st Congressional District
Tribute to late Barbara Jean Ellis 
Tribute to late Harvey Beasley 
Tribute to late Jack LaLanne 
Tribute to late Bishop Edsel A. Ammons 
Tribute to late Lila Borgstrom 
Tribute to late Sergeant Zainah Caye Creamer 
Tribute to late Mary Ellen Devaney 
Tribute to late Samuel K. Gove 
Tribute to late Honorable Arthur N. Hamilton 
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Hernandez
Tribute to late William Hersh 
Tribute to late Patricia Liston 
Tribute to late Bishop Charles L. Little 
Tribute to late Harry T. Mahoney 
Tribute to late Ed Mauser 
Tribute to late William Wood McKittrick 
Tribute to late Edmund O'Connor 
Tribute to late Honorable Raymond J. Pietrus 
Tribute to late Honorable John M. Roll 
Tribute to late Bishop Samuel Ruiz 
Tribute to late Morton Smith 
Tribute to late Richard Winters 
Congratulations extended to Gillian McLaughlin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Recognition extended to employer support of National Guard and Reserve organization for tireless advocacy on behalf of members
Congratulations extended to Dr. C.L Brookins on 80th birthday
Tribute to late Rosie L. Starks 
Congratulations extended to Joseph Alfano on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Bud Luther Brown 
Tribute to late Joseph Ramsey Irving 
Congratulations extended to Charlie and Bertha Thomas on 50th wedding anniversary
Honorary street designation as "The Honorary Josh Nemeth Plaza" 
Tribute to late Cora Lee Carter 
Tribute to late Mira B. Lyles 
Tribute to late Betty Adams 
Tribute to late Lawrence Brown 
Tribute to late Peter Jenkins 
Tribute to late William King 
Tribute to late Guglielmina "Mina" Benigni 
Tribute to late Robert G. Pecho 
Congratulations extended to Mayfair Lutheran Church on 80th anniversary
Tribute to late Patricia A. Chambers 
Tribute to late Deborah Ceglarek and Javier Cisneros 
Tribute to late James Furlong Sr. 
Tribute to late Robert J. Smith Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Susan Vaughan on 70th birthday
Congratulations extended to Interfaith Airport Chapels of Chicago on 50th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Stephen Kukensis for heroic actions 
Tribute to late Richard J. Kulik 
Honorary street designation as "Snicker Drive"
Gratitude extended to Fire Lieutenant Joel Burns, Firefighter Sean Kevin, Firefighter Michael Price, Firefighter/EMT Cody Butzen and Firefighter/Paramedic Severen Henderson for heroic life saving rescue
Gratitude extended to police officers Cynthia M. Miura and  Patrick R. Strelczyk for life saving rescue 
Honorary street designation as "Jacoby Dickens Way"
Tribute to late Reverend Jeremiah J. Rodell
Tribute to late Honorable Ann Stepan
Tribute to late Granger Cook, Jr.
Tribute to late A. Alfred Taubman
Tribute to late Honorable Surya Bahadur Thapa
Tribute to late Antone Gregorio
Tribute to late Honorable Dan Walker
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Griffin
Tribute to late Honorable Gloria Alitto Majewskioria
Tribute to late Lauren Hill
Tribute to late Reverend Benjamin R. Morin
Congratulations extended to Kool & The Gang on 50th anniversary and declaration of June 26, 2015 as "Kool & the Gang Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Lois Scott for dedicated service as Chief Financial Officer
Tribute to late Denise Murray
Tribute to late Honorable Pierre Claude Nolin
Gratitude extended to Lisa Schrader on dedicated public service 
Tribute to late Honorable Phyllis Albrecht
Tribute to late Jozef Paczynski 
Gratitude extended to Aidan Cronin for dedicated service as Consul General of Ireland in Chicago
Tribute to late Honorable Wladyslaw Bartoszewski
Congratulations extended to Duffie A. Adelson on retirement 
Tribute to late Doug Buffone
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Max Ortiz, Ruben Ramirez, F. Perez, A. Muhammad and Detective Stephen M. Grenzia on apprehension of felon
Congratulations extended to Lee Pratter on distinguished service with Community Builders, Inc.
Congratulations extended to Geja's Cafe on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Immediate MD on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce Personal or Professional Service Provider of the Year award
Congratulations extended to Vanille Patisserie on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce Retailer of the Year award
Congratulations extended to Rabbi Herman E. Schaalman and Lotte Schaalman on their 99th and 100th birthdays
Congratulations extended to Harlee Sue Till on retirement
Welcome extended to His Excellency Benigno Simeon Aquino III, President of Republic of the Philippines, on visit to Chicago
Congratulations extended to Alderman Rey Colon for dedicated service to residents of 35th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Timothy M. Cullerton for dedicated service to residents of 38th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Deborah L. Graham  for dedicated service to residents of 29th Ward
Congratulations extended to Chisholm family on 40 years of owning and operating Andy's Jazz Club
Congratulations extended to Dearborn Realtist Board on 74th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Northwest Side Housing Center on 12th anniversary
Tribute to late James Wallace Foreman, Jr.
Tribute to late Robert Carl Hanson
Tribute to late Geraldine E. Tuleo
Tribute to late Mary-Beth Nolan
Honorary street designation as "Deborah Reese Way"
Tribute to late Virginia A. Grosh
Honorary street designation as "Geja's Cafe Way"
Amendment of honorary street designation as "Honorary Oscar Brown Jr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Garrett Fitzgerald Way"
Congratulations extended to Alderman John A. Pope for dedicated service to residents of 10th Ward
Tribute to late Donald H. Moss
Tribute to late Sheldon Sternberg
Tribute to late Ty Wansley
Tribute to late Honorable Jim Wright
Congratulations extended to Honorable Carl McCormick on 80th birthday and declaration of May 30, 2015, as "Honorable Carl McCormick Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Nicholas Roti, Chief of Organized Crime Unit, on retirement from CPD
Tribute to late Maurie Berman
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Marlene I. Rivera and Edwin Pagan for life-saving actions
Tribute to late Kenneth Dahlberg 
Congratulations extended to Alderman Carrie M. Austin on 66th birthday and recognition for many contributions to City of Chicago
Tribute to late Catherine O'Connor 
Honorary street designation as "Honorary David Maring Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Bridget Nash Way"
Honorary street designation as "Danny Seraphine Way"
Tribute to late Pat C. Gargano
Congratulations extended to Dr. Frank Derek Barnes on achievements in education and community advocacy
Congratulations extended to Josephine Wade on birthday
Amendment of honorary street designation as "Honorary Oscar Brown Jr. Way"
Congratulations extended to Accurate Fire Equipment Company on 60th anniversary
Tribute to late Allen B. Bridges
Congratulations extended to Jim Ring on 60th birthday
Tribute to late George E. Anderson
Tribute to late Walter M. Carlson
Tribute to late Suzanne Kaketsis
Tribute to late Theresa J. Savage
Tribute to late Thomas J. Lichter
Tribute to late Honorable John A. Rice
Tribute to late Mary M. Wetzell
Tribute to late Melvin Burnside
Tribute to late Charles George Gudbrandsen
Congratulations extended to Edgebrook Woman's Club on 90th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Liam Hamp on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Casey McDermott on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Lou Manfredini and Edgebrook Ace Hardware on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Nadig News on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Jack Osborne on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Salvation Army on 150th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Winifred Pawliger Gailen on 95th birthday
Tribute to late Frank Joseph Lodarek
Honorary street designation as "Josh Nemeth Plaza"
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public School students on being named Gates Millennium Scholars
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Michael J. Garanzini S.J. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ric Hess Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend A. P. Randall Way"
Honorary street designation as "The Honorary Nora J. Malloy Place"
Honorary street designation as "Mary E. McDowell Settlement Way"
Tribute to late Firefighter Corey D. Ankum
Tribute to late Firefighter Edward J. Stringer, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Demi Lobo on winning Best Female Vocalist at 30th Annual Chicago Music Awards
Congratulations extended to Ellen Sahli being named Director of Civic Engagement for University of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Phillip Callozzo on retirement from O'Hare International Airport Police Detail
Tribute to late Lexie Kamerman
Tribute to late Joyce Sloane 
Tribute to late Delores T. Woods 
Congratulations extended to Katie Comeford and students of Phoenix Military Academy Driver's Education class for winning 2nd Place in Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart's "Heads Up While Driving" public awareness campaign
Congratulations extended to Commander Richard Elmer on retirement from U.S. Coast Guard Reserve
Congratulations extended to Reverend Wealthy L. Mobley Sr. on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Melvin Alexander Sr. 
Congratulations extended to James Allen on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to James Boyd on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Mary Ann McGee 
Congratulations extended to Mayan A. Cook on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Christopher Davis on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Kennady Gee on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Brandon E. Patterson on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Matthew Patterson on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Timothy Robertson on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Booker Vance on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Melesia Negrete 
Tribute to late Reverend Frank P. Cassidy 
Tribute to late Rosemary Kellam 
Tribute to late Mary Lois Reid Craig 
Tribute to late Bernard J. "Bernie" Spatz 
Congratulations extended to William "Bill" Liva on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Rodney Weldon Sisk Sr. 
Tribute to late Shirley Ann Wallace 
Congratulations extended to Adriano Espaillat and members of the Dominican-American Midwest Association
Congratulations extended to Advocates Society of Polish American Attorneys on 80th anniversary
Tribute to late Vannish Smith 
Congratulations extended to Demi Lobo for Best Female Vocalist at 30th Annual Chicago Music Awards 
Congratulations extended to Detectives William Sullivan, Patrick Durkin and Michele Moore-Grose, Lieutenant George Devereus, Sergeant Ronald Kimble, Detective Alphonso Kennedy and Police Officers Don Carson, Brian Reed, Derrick Harland and Charles Six for prompt action in Fenger High School homicide
Congratulations extended to George Borovik recipient of Our Lady of the Resurrection Medical Center's CARES Award  
Tribute to late Joseph Ahles 
Tribute to late Karl-Heinz H. Bauer
Tribute to late Nancy R. Nolan 
Tribute to late Frank N. Rizzo 
Tribute to late Joseph "Beau" Biden
Tribute to late James Michael Schar 
Tribute to late Honorable John A. Rice
Tribute to late Anita Frances Schiappa 
Congratulations extended to Jeri Quittschreiber on retirement retires from membership of several community committees within 39th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Vi Daley on recognition by Loyola University Chicago's Gannon Center for Women and Leadership for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to Alderman Virginia  Rugai on recognition by Loyola University Chicago's Gannon Center for Women and Leadership for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to Alderman Helen Shiller on recognition by Loyola University Chicago's Gannon Center for Women and Leadership for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to Chicago Blackhawks on Stanley Cup Championship
Congratulations extended to Alderman Mary Ann Smith on recognition by Loyola University Chicago's Gannon Center for Women and Leadership for dedicated public service
Gratitude extended to Civic Consulting Alliance and pro bono partners for community service
Tribute to late Ric Hess
Tribute to late Thomas D. Mahoney 
Congratulations extended to Principal Dorene Hurckes on retirement from St. Barbara School
Tribute to late Dolores Tucker Woods 
Tribute to late Charles Benton
Tribute to late Joseph Maggio 
Tribute to late Vincent Bugliosi
Congratulations extended to National Theatre of Scotland and Chicago Shakespeare Theater World Stage on production of "Black Watch"
Gratitude extended to Erin Lavin Cabonargi for distinguished service as executive director of Public Building Commission
Tribute to late David R. Boyle 
Tribute to late Walter M. Carlson
Tribute to late Frank W. Buckles 
Tribute to late James W. Cozad
Tribute to late William M. Callaghan 
Tribute to late Lauranita Taylor Dugas
Tribute to late Benjamin C. Duster III 
Tribute to late Alma Fitzpatrick
Tribute to late Man Ho Hong 
Tribute to late Margaret Eileen Hogan
Tribute to late Honorable William S. Kassal 
Tribute to late C. Paul Johnson
Tribute to late Honorable Joel J. Kunesh 
Tribute to late John Keeley, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable James McClure 
Tribute to late Dr. Eugene Cullen Kennedy
Tribute to late Bill Monroe 
Tribute to late Laurence P. Mulcrone
Tribute to late Judy Niedermaier 
Tribute to late Elder L. Tom Perry
Tribute to late Joyce Sloane 
Tribute to late Margaretta "Happy" Rockefeller
Tribute to late  Mae Evelyn Chalk Smith 
Tribute to late Martin "Marty" Sheets
Tribute to late Jerold S. Solovy 
Congratulations extended to Principal Jose Barrera on retirement from Columbia Explorers Academy
Tribute to late Honorable Mayme Finley 
Congratulations extended to Reverend David Dillon on 50th anniversary of ordination
Tribute to late Lawrence A. Turro 
Congratulations extended to Mary Pettinato and Honor Flight Chicago for efforts on behalf of military veterans
Congratulations extended to Mara S. Georges as longest-serving Corporation Counsel
Congratulations extended to Thomas Hudson on retirement from Skinner West Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Theodore F. O'Keefe on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Terrence M. Murphy on distinguished service as executive director of Chicago Bar Association and declaration of June 25, 2015 as "Terrence M. Murphy Day" in Chicago.
Congratulations extended to Honorable Joseph Urso on retirement from Circuit Court of Cook County
Congratulations extended to Farzin Parang on distinguished service as deputy director of Office of Legislative Counsel and Government Affairs
Congratulations extended to St. Gall School on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Thomas P. Sullivan on receipt of Thurgood Marshall Award and declaration of August 1, 2015, as "Thomas P. Sullivan Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to St. James Catholic Church on 2011 African-American Heritage Celebration
Congratulations extended to Sister Clare Wagner on 60th anniversary as member of Sinsinawa Dominican Congregation
Congratulations extended to Police Deputy Chief Patricia Walsh on retirement
Honorary street designation as "Mrs. Ruby Lee Street"
Congratulations extended to Reverend Doctor Clay Evans on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Dr. LouDella Evans Reid on 85th birthday
Congratulations extended to Reverend Charles Brandon Williams, Jr., on retirement from Unity Fellowship Missionary Baptist Church
Congratulations extended to UpBeat Music and Arts on Music 4 All Garden Party Fundraiser
Congratulations extended to C.L. Norman on 20th anniversary at New Genesis Assembly of God M.B. Church
Tribute to late Rosalie Browne Barnes
Congratulations extended to Special Olympics Chicago on 47th anniversary and declaration of July 2015 as "Special Olympics Chicago Month" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Dolores Berney Levar on 85th birthday
Honorary street designation as "Geja's Cafe Way"
Recognition extended to Ride for AIDS Chicago participants and volunteers for commitment in fight against HIV/AIDS
Congratulations extended to William J. Hennigan on receipt of 2015 Gerald R. Ford Prize for Distinguished Reporting on National Defense
Congratulations extended to Lester Crown for community service and declaration of June 27, 2015 as "Lester Crown Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Honorable Tyrone C. Fahner on receipt of Lyman J. Gage Award for Outstanding Contribution by an Individual
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public School students on being named Posse Scholars
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public School students on being named Posse Scholars
Congratulations extended to Center for Neighborhood Technology and Active Transportation Alliance on Transit Future campaign
Tribute to late Father John Cassidy
Honorary street designation as "Edward Sroka Way" 
Tribute to late Freddie Leon Savage, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Horace Mann Academy Marching Mustangs for outstanding achievements
Congratulations extended to Colonel Eugene F. Scott and Chicago Defender Charities, Inc. on 86th anniversary of Bud Billiken Day Parade and Picnic
Tribute to late Harold F. Britton
Congratulations extended to Charles Fiori on retirement from Social Security Administration
Gratitude extended to Betty and Ara Mayian for service to Edgewater community
Congratulations extended to Operation Hot Pipe for crime-fighting efforts against theft and illegal recycling
Tribute to late Patricia M. Grassi
Tribute to late Florencio "Loy" Mutuc
Tribute to late Felix "Phil" R. Varchetta
Congratulations extended to Police Commander Lucille "Lucy" Moy-Bartosik on retirement
Commemoration of Lance Corporal Michael T. Badsing and gratitude extended to U.S. Marine Corps for preserving his memory
Tribute to late Donna Sliwka
Tribute to late Clara Marie Walleck
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Anthony Spatafora on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Math and Science Academy robotics teams for achievements in robotics
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Lenwood Cross on Retirement
Honorary street designation as "Pope John Paul II Way"
Tribute to late Clark Burrus
Congratulations extended to Demetrius E. Carney on dedicated service as president of Chicago Police Board
Congratulations extended to Chicago Summer Business Institute on 25th anniversary and recognition of 2015 Internship program participants
Congratulations extended to Alethea Cotton on retirement as Assistant Director of Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection
Congratulations extended to recipients of 2015 Golden Apple Teacher Award and Golder Leadership Award
Congratulations extended to Sharon Ann Dale on retirement as principal of Arthur Dixon Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Vincent LoVerde and Manchester Monarchs on 2015 Calder Cup championship
Tribute to late Martha Lee Turner
Congratulations extended to Unidad Dominicana on sixth annual Festival Dominicano
Tribute to late Antoinette Jefferson
Congratulations extended to Kenneth L. Hunter for dedicated service with Chicago Public Schools and honorary street designation as "Kenneth L. Hunter Way"
Tribute to late Amari Darnell Brown
Honorary street designation as "Honorable Thomas G. Lyons Way"
Tribute to late Jimmie D. Hicks
Tribute to late Alfoncy Jackson
Honorary street designation as "Sam 'Babe' Belpidio Way"
Tribute to late Florida Mae Zolicoffer-Bellmon
Congratulations extended to Noble Network of Charter Schools on winning 2015 Broad Prize
Tribute to late Honorable Henry Woods "Woody" Bowman
Honorary street designation as "Deborah Ceglarek Way"
Amendment of honorary street designation as "Edward Sroka Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dutchie Caray Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Larry K. Trask, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Marcel Q. Pearson Way"
Honorary street designation as "John Riegler Way"
Honorary street designation as "Josh Nemeth Plaza"
Honorary street designation as "St. Vincent de Paul Way"
Honorary street designation as "Richard 'Dickie' Harris Way"
Honorary street designation as "Joseph Thomas Zagotta Way"
Honorary street designation as "John F. McDonough Way"
Honorary street designation as "Patrolman Joseph P. Cali Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mildred Pagan Way"
Tribute to late Robert "Bob" Abt
Tribute to late Honorable D'Army Bailey
Tribute to late Michael J. Birck
Tribute to late Honorable H. Woods "Woody" Bowman
Tribute to late Robert Coleman
Tribute to late Marva Collins
Tribute to late Robert Paul Fash, Sr.
Tribute to late Charles F. Mack
Tribute to late Honorable Michael McElroy
Tribute to late Dr. John F. Mullan
Tribute to late Peter H. Nutley
Tribute to late Boyd K. Packer
Tribute to late Honorable Yevgeny Primakov
Tribute to late Dr. David Raup
Tribute to late Ralph Roberts
Tribute to late Jerry Roper
Tribute to late Peter Schaudt
Tribute to victims of Chattanooga shooting and well-wishes extended to surviving victims
Tribute to late Honorable Gyorgy Szabad
Tribute to late Honorable Wayne Townsend
Tribute to late Thomas Tully
Tribute to late Albert Vazquez
Tribute to late John Whitman
Tribute to late Sir Nicholas Winton
Tribute to late Dr. Stanley Zydlo
Congratulations extended to organizers of Battle of the Badges on 13th anniversary and gratitude for efforts on behalf of first responders
Congratulations extended to Francesca Maher Edwardson on dedicated service with American Red Cross, Greater Chicago Region
Congratulations extended to Honorable Themis N. Karnezis on retirement as Circuit Court Judge At Large
Congratulations extended to police Lieutenant Michael Thomas Malone on retirement
Congratulations extended to Edward F. McElroy on 90th birthday and declaration of July 29, 2015 as "Edward F. McElroy Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Noble Network of Charter Schools on receipt of 2015 Broad Prize for Charter Schools
Congratulations extended to His Excellency Edward J. Slattery, Bishop of Tulsa, on 75th birthday
Congratulations extended to David Vitale on dedicated service as president of Chicago Board of Education
Tribute to late Julie Hurvis
Honorary street designation as "Craig Freedman Way"
Honorary street designation as "Gus and Maura Casey Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Ken Widdes Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mike and Josie Holzner Way"
Congratulations extended to members of Chicago Police Department on apprehension of violent offender
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Keith Walthall on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Mary Alice Ryan Eckman on receipt of North Carolina Governor's Medallion Award for Volunteer Service and 2015 Key Volunteer of the Year/Lifetime Award
Congratulations extended to Paloma Carrasco on musical pursuits
Tribute to late Albert Gilman
Tribute to late Charcey Glenn
Tribute to late Patricia "Pat" M. Holden
Honorary street designation as "Javier Cisneros Way"
Tribute to late Marva Christine Brewster
Congratulations extended to Elder Edward E. Silas, Sr. on 11th anniversary as pastor of Progressive Way Mission COGIC
Tribute to late Honorable Pierre Claude Nolin
Tribute to late Joseph R. Kozenczak
Tribute to late Corporal Sara A. Medina
Tribute to late Donald H. Moss
Tribute to late Ty Wansley
Tribute to late Honorable Jim Wright
Congratulations extended to Judy and Ray McCaskey on golden wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Honorable Carl McCormick on 80th birthday and declaration of May 30, 2015, as "Honorable Carl McCormick Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Red Nose Day sponsors, organizers and partners and declaration of May 21, 2015 as "Red Nose Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Burnis White, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Abraham and Dorothy Stiggers, Jr., on 60th anniversary
Tribute to late Lavon D. Woods
Tribute to late Gussie L. Southern
Tribute to late Mary Ellen Feldman
Congratulations extended to Fabulous Freddie's Italian Eatery on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Father Paul Novak on 25th anniversary of ordination
Congratulations extended to members of United States soccer team on bronze medal victory at Special Olympics World Games
Congratulations extended to James C. Mazenis on retirement as president of West Elsdon Civic Association
Honorary street designation as "Kenneth L. Hunter Way"
Tribute to late Charles S. Aguila 
Tribute to late Mary Ellen Feldman
Tribute to late Anthony D. Laurino
Congratulations extended to Mary Faith Flahive on retirement as Park Supervisor with Chicago Park District
Tribute to late Marilyn Jackson
Tribute to late Wayne Kempf
Tribute to late Constance Maragos
Tribute to late Raymond Rodheim
Congratulations extended to TransTech Social Enterprises on contributions to trans and non-gender conforming community
Tribute to late Sharon Ciaravino
Congratulations extended to Carl Salvato on 50th birthday
Tribute to late William R. Baker 
Tribute to late Phil Collins
Tribute to late Geraldine Ann Ferraro 
Tribute to late Bishop Frank Munsey 
Tribute to late Raymond Hoff
Tribute to late LaVergne Grose Celestine 
Tribute to late Irving M. King 
Tribute to late Johnson W. Torrey 
Tribute to late Oscar Carroll 
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Terrance McMahon on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Father Michael F. Flynn on 50th anniversary in priesthood
Congratulations extended to David and Geraldine Kaput on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Joseph Jamen on retirement from Chicago Fire Department
Congratulations extended to James M. Keating on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late James Crane 
Tribute to late Don Durkovic 
Tribute to late Robert Groetsema
Tribute to late Patrick Haugh 
Tribute to late Charles "Cookie" Volanti
Tribute to late Gregory A. Adamski 
Tribute to late Everett Barlow 
Tribute to late James Bidwell 
Tribute to late David S. Broder 
Tribute to late Warren Christopher 
Tribute to late Monsignor Francis A Cimarrrusti 
Tribute to late George J. Cotsirilos 
Tribute to late Honorable Pat Dixon 
Tribute to late Honorable Lawrence Froman 
Tribute to late James W. Gee Sr. 
Tribute to late Robert Georgine 
Tribute to late Raymond Hoff
Tribute to late William C. Hollemans 
Tribute to late Patrick J. Houlihan 
Tribute to late Raquel Luna 
Tribute to late Reverend Walter McNicholas 
Tribute to late Honorable Ned R. McWherter 
Tribute to late Honorable Joanne M. Ring 
Tribute to late Honorable Joseph A. Salerno Sr.
Tribute to late Andrew P. Wade 
Congratulations extended to Manuel Rodriguez Arriaga on completion of distinguished tenure as Consul General of Mexico in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Mark P. Donahue on distinguished service as President of Lodge No. 7 of Fraternal Order of Police 
Congratulations extended to Gonnella Baking Company on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to His Royal Highness Prince William of Wales and Miss Catherine Middleton on celebration of marriage
Tribute to late Reverend Walter McNicholas 
Tribute to late Anita LeShawn Owens 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mark P. Donahue on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Joseph A. Mulcrone on 40th anniversary in priesthood
Tribute to late Talisa Beard 
Tribute to late John S. Gac Sr. 
Tribute to late Police Officer Benjamin Perez
Tribute to late Police Officer Michael Gordon
Congratulations extended to Peter Masters on 30th anniversary of Masters Restaurant
Congratulations extended to Geneva Jackson on 75th birthday
Best wishes extended to organizers of Smolensk 2010 first anniversary
Congratulations extended to Lajkonik Polish Song and Dance Ensemble on 20th anniversary 
Tribute to late Loretta W. Chlopek 
Gratitude extended to Edwin J. "Ski" Korczynski for patriotism and devotion to duty
Congratulations extended to Florence Ziolkowski on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to Our Lady of Mercy Parish on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to BNA Training Program Graduates 2011
Tribute to late Jimmie Lee Sawyer 
Tribute to late Roy J. Carvatta 
Tribute to late Gertrude Pomorski 
Tribute to late John J. Goetz 
Tribute to late Dr. Catherine M. Wells 
Congratulations extended to Matthew and Meghan Burke on birth of son Francis Joseph
Congratulations extended to Michele Marx on winning 2010 North Shore Half Marathon
Congratulations extended to Albany Park Theater Project on 2011 Midwest Light of Human Rights Award
Congratulations extended to 98.7 WFMT/ WTTW11
Congratulations extended to Carl Allegretti on being Richard M. Daley and Maggie Daley Award recipient as 2010 Bank of America Chicago Marathon's Top Charitable Runner
Congratulations extended to Junior League of Chicago on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Reverend Thomas J. Healy on 85th birthday and silver jubilee as pastor of Our Lady of Mt. Carmel Church
Tribute to late Nina Kondrashenko 
Tribute to late Rita A. Zajac 
Congratulations extended to Patty Casey on Cook County Commission on Women's Issues Unsung Heroine Award
Congratulations extended to James Peter Coolsen on 70th birthday
Amendment of honorary street designation as "The King of House Music Farley Jackmaster Funk Way" 
Honorary street designation as "Peter Masters Blvd"
Honorary street designation as "Neil Bosanko Way"
Honorary street designation as "Zero & Ocean Shim Way"
Honorary street designation as "Waring Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ken Raskin Way"
Honorary street designation as "Buddy Guy Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Mary L. Greenwood Way"
Honorary street designation as "Judge R. Eugene and Alzata Pincham Way"
Congratulations extended to Dutchie Caray on "Honorary Dutchie Caray Way" street designation
Congratulations extended to Thousand Waves Martial Arts And Self-Defense Center on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Patrick Bouvair Owens
Tribute to late Lillie Bolton
Congratulations extended to Federal Trade Commission and Constellation Brands Beer Division on "We Don't Serve Teens" Initiative and call on alcohol beverage retailers, adults and parents to participate
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Alonzo Bell, Sr. Drive"
Tribute to late John D.  Ahern
Tribute to late Robert Beavers, Jr.
Tribute to late William McCormick Blair, Jr.
Tribute to late Salvador Cisneros
Tribute to late Stanton R. Cook
Tribute to late Honorable Esther Golar
Tribute to late Honorable Edward Fiala
Tribute to late William Higginson
Tribute to late Yoshi Katsumura
Congratulations extended to Mayor Richard M. Daley on retirement 
Tribute to late Joan Steif Freehling
Gratitude extended to Alderman Sharon Dixon for dedicated service to residents of 24th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Brian G. Doherty on retirement from City Council
Congratulations extended to Alderman Shirley Newsome on retirement from City Council
Congratulations extended to Alderman Frank J. Olivo on retirement from City Council
Gratitude extended to Alderman John A. Rice for dedicated service to the residents of 36th Ward
Gratitude extended to Alderman Virginia A. Rugai for dedicated service to residents of 19th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Helen Shiller on retirement from City Council
Gratitude extended to Alderman Bernard "Bernie" Stone for dedicated service to residents of 50th Ward
Tribute to late Lacy Gibson
Gratitude extended to Dr. Joseph E. Nyre for outstanding public service
Congratulations extended to Goodcity on 25th anniversary
Tribute to late Dr. Rebekkah A. Ross
Congratulations extended to Hales Franciscan Catholic High School Spartans, Principal Arthur Reliford and Coach Lawrence Nails for outstanding scholastic achievements and athletic sportsmanship
Congratulations extended to Berglund's on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Henry Lee Fairman 
Tribute to late Cleveland Broy Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Tiffany Cherise Caruthers on first musical concert 
Tribute to late Theresa D. Spatz
Tribute to late Daisy Mae Randle 
Congratulations extended to Suzy Claeys for superior academic achievement by National Society of High School Scholars
Congratulations extended to Linda Duffy on research of growth patterns following palatoplasty of cleft palate babies
Congratulations extended to Jacqualine Kostrzewa on retirement from North Mayfair Improvement Association
Congratulations extended to District 1-A Lions Clubs for Helen Keller annual 5K Fun Run/Walk for Sight
Congratulations extended to Jim Kelly on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce 2011 Frank Hasner Member Momentum Award
Gratitude extended to Allan Mellis on dedicated service to Lincoln Park Community
Congratulations extended to Anthony "Tony" Nogly on retirement from Streets and Sanitation Department
Congratulations extended to Elizabeth Rossdeutscher on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce 2011 Chairman's Award
Congratulations extended to Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Lincoln Park Zoo on receipt of  Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce 2011 Community Contributor Award
Tribute to late William J. Miller 
Congratulations extended to Robin Webb on receipt of Catechetical Ministries Recognition Award 
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Eugene D. Kohn 
Tribute to late Padraic "Pat" Gallagher II 
Tribute to late Honorable Richard Hohs 
Tribute to late William J. McCarter 
Gratitude extended to Dr. Tariq Butt on years of service with Chicago Board of Education
Gratitude extended to Alberto A. Carrero Jr. for years of public service to Chicago Board of Education
Gratitude extended to Peggy A. Davis on tenure with Chicago Board of Education
Gratitude extended to Mary Richardson-Lowry for years of leadership as president of Chicago Board of Education
Gratitude extended to Clare Munana for years of public service to Chicago Board of Education
Gratitude extended to Gene Saffold for dedicated public service to City of Chicago
Gratitude extended to Roxanne Ward on tenure with Chicago Board of Education
Congratulations extended to Chicago Sinai Congregation on 150th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Jelena Polic for service as Consul General of Republic of Croatia
Tribute to late Zylpha Mercedes Kilbride Clinton 
Tribute to late Honorable Angelo D. Mistretta 
Congratulations extended to reporters Mark Konkol, Frank Main and photographer John J. KIm of Chicago Sun-Times for Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Kenneth L. Hunter Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverand Levan Brayboy Drive"
Honorary street designation as "Lillian Drummond Parkway"
Honorary street designation as "Joel Hall Way"
Congratulations extended to Morgan Park Girls Track-and-Field team on winning second-place at 2015 Class 2A State Championship
Tribute to late Leslie Koczur
Tribute to late Edward R. Kregor
Tribute to late Dr. Frederick Malkinson
Tribute to late John Leslie Munro
Tribute to late Frederick R. Payne
Tribute to late Milton Poldolsky
Tribute to late Amelia Boynton Robinson
Tribute to late George Sams
Congratulations extended to Sandra Bruce on retirement as president and CEO of Presence Health
Congratulations extended to Elizabeth Ann Doody Gorman for dedicated service as Cook County Commissioner of 17th District
Congratulations extended to Karlheinz and Dagmar Kogel on 6th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to founders Pat and Mike Koldyke on 30th anniversary of Golden Apple Foundation
Congratulations extended to Joyce Kosarek on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Pritzker on appointment as chairman of Center for Strategic and International Studies 
Congratulations extended to Saint Bruno's Parish on 90th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Zarzycki Manor Chapels on 100th anniversary
Amendment of honorary street designation as "Edward Sroka Way"
Congratulations extended to Morgan Park Girls Track-and-Field team on winning second-place at 2015 Class 2A State Championship
Congratulations extended to Elder Jeffrey D. Hodges on 60th birthday
Tribute to late John W. Buckner
Congratulations extended to West Garfield Park Community Stakeholders on "Anti-Violence and Substance Abuse Prevention Community Day"
Congratulations extended to Cynthia Williams and Austin Peoples Action Center on 35th anniversary
Tribute to late Murry W. Tubbs
Tribute to late Clifford Robert Gara
Tribute to late Robert Petkofski
Congratulations extended to Tom Kavicky on retirement as safety director of Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters
Congratulations extended to Apostle Yvonne Lee-Wilson and Real Women of God Fellowship on 19th annual conference and 29th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Helen C. Peirce School of International Studies on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Dick Uyvari
Tribute to late James C. Tyree 
Congratulations extended to "HEROES" student team of Whitney Young Magnet High School on accomplishments in development of eco friendly bio-diesel
Tribute to late Yogi Berra
Tribute to late Bernard E. Cavitt
Tribute to late Honorable Richard D. Cudahy, Sr.
Tribute to late Honorable William A. Crawford
Tribute to late Honorable N. Patrick Crooks
Tribute to late Sam Ozaki
Tribute to late Honorable Jean A. Turnage
Congratulations extended to St. Rita of Cascia Catholic Church on 110th anniversary and 75th Jubilee Year of Province of Our Mother of Good Counsel
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Jagdish (Jay) Shah Way"
Honorary street designation as "Cesar A. Izquierdo Way"
Congratulations extended to 2010-2011 Junior ROTC cadets
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Jacob Molina, Peter F. Legler, Michael J. Butzen and Mariano Garcia for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Kevin M. Doherty and Firefighter/Paramedic Severen Henderson for heroic rescue
Congratulations extended to Linda Yu on receiving Joint Civic Committee of Italian Americans Dante Award
Tribute to late Honorable Christy S. Berkos 
Congratulations extended to Emily Banach on 90th birthday
Gratitude extended to Dr. Mary Ellen Caron on years of public service with City of Chicago
Gratitude extended to James Cuno for numerous contributions to Art Institute of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Ralph B. Mandell on retirement as Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of PrivateBancorp, Inc
Congratulations extended to Richard Melman on 40 years in dining industry and as 2011 Restaurateur of the Year Award by James Beard Foundation
Gratitude extended to Eugene L. Munin for service to people of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Mark Devon Hans on 2011 Golden Apple Award
Congratulations extended to St. Pascal School on "Dream Green School Makeover Monetary Prize"

Tribute to late Walter R. Deutscher 
Tribute to late Jean Furman 
Tribute to late Robert L. McNaughton 
Tribute to late Angelin Serrano 
Congratulations extended to Bruno A. Cassettari on induction into 2011 Chicago Senior Citizen Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to Lois A. McGovern on induction into the 2011 Chicago Senior Citizen Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to John Wilmouth on retirement as investigator for City of Chicago Independent Police Review Authority
Congratulations extended to Society of American Archivists on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Scott Feaman on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Mary Tell on 105th birthday
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Thomas  McMahon on retirement 
Proposed Antenna Collocations/Chicago Distributed Antenna System  Network Phase 1 
Tribute to late Donna DiMatteo Marzano 
Tribute to late Kenneth T. McCurry 
Congratulations extended to DaHuang Zhou and Shan Zuo Zhou on contributions to art in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Dennis Sexton on retirement as vice president of Carpenters Union Local 13
Tribute to late Marvin W. Burnett
Congratulations extended to Dr. Maximo O. Brito, M.D., M.P.H. for work on HIV in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Luis Mateo on contributions to boxing in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Polish American Chamber of Commerce on 21st anniversary
Congratulations extended to Laurette Kittler on induction into St. Benedict Alumni Hall of Fame
Installation of permanent exhibit commemorating 175th anniversary of Chicago and invitation extended to Chicago Public Schools to hold essay contests to commemorate Chicago's birthday
Congratulations extended to Reverend Sherman J. Butler on 10th anniversary as pastor and Nazarene All Nations Church's 40th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Churchview Supportive Living on 7 years of superior care
Tribute to late Betty Jean Hamilton 
Congratulations extended to Pastor T.L Barrett Jr. on 43rd pastoral anniversary
Congratulations extended to Matthew G. Balzekas on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late John Buckner
Tribute to late Claudia Mae Wilkerson
Tribute to late Mamie Marie Mitts
Congratulations extended to Sister Annie on retirement from Queen of All Saints Basilica Parish pastoral staff
Tribute to late Carmelita Palma
Gratitude extended to Chicago Fire Department Battalion Chief James Jablonowski for life-saving rescue
Congratulations extended to CAN TV employees on vote to form union with and be represented by National Association of Broadcast Employees and Technicians, Communications Workers of America
Gratitude extended to Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm veterans for heroic military service and support for creation of National Desert Storm War Memorial
Tribute to late Frances P. Sullivan 
Tribute to late Michael C. Raines
Tribute to late Joseph R. Tybor
Congratulations extended to Richard H. Driehaus on receipt of American Institute of Architects Lifetime Achievement Award
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William B. Lee on retirement
Congratulations extended to Knights of Columbus Tonti Council No.1567 on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Paul C. Moore 
Tribute to late Roland Charles Baker
Tribute to late Jerry Parr
Tribute to late Sybil Stockdale
Tribute to late Warren G. Weaver, Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Honey Jacobs Skinner on retirement as strategic advisor and consultant to Public Policy Committee of Children's Hospital of Chicago Medical Center
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Debra Stigler on retirement
Congratulations extended to Bernice Harris on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Marsolino White
Honorary street designation as "Edward J. Jarmuszka Avenue"
Honorary street designation as "Phyllis Levand Way"
Honorary street designation as "Frank Earvllo, Jr Place"
Tribute to late Carrie Louise Filer Davis
Tribute to late Barbara L. Lewis
Recognition extended to Polish National Alliance Amicus Poloniae for civic achievement
Tribute to late Dorothy DeVerdery Storck
Tribute to late Robert Gehrke
Tribute to late Elizabeth Hollander
Tribute to late Michael Kotzin
Tribute to late Margaret Machay
Tribute to late Honorable Saul Anthony Perdomo
Tribute to late Kenneth Douglas Taylor
Congratulations extended to Tom and Vita Donovan on receipt of Heart of Mercy Award
Congratulations extended to Douglas Druick on for 30 years of service and leadership with Art Institute of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Prime Group, Inc. on grand opening of Residence Inn at 11 S LaSalle St
Tribute to late Apostle R. D. Henton
Honorary street designation as "Balm L. Leavell, Jr. and Joseph H. Jefferson Dr."
Tribute to late Erma Jean Harris
Tribute to late Hattie P. Marks
Tribute to late Denise Demaryl Perkins
Congratulations extended to Woori Taekwondo and Hapkido Academy on hosting Kick for the Cure
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. Leroy Sanders on retirement as senior pastor of Kenwood United Church of Christ
Tribute to late Charles Roy Lee
Tribute to late Frank Gatz
Tribute to late John Howley
Tribute to late August A. Olivo
Tribute to late David Perry
Tribute to late Elijah Sheared
Congratulations extended to U.S. Marine Corps Reserve and community partners on 68th anniversary of Toys for Tots program and 38th anniversary of Chicagoland Toys for Tots Motorcycle Parade and declaration of first Sunday in December as "Toys for Tots Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Apostle Dr. Joann Long
Congratulations extended to Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority on 32nd annual Monarch Awards Gala
Gratitude extended to Loyoloa University Chicago for establishment of The Center for Urban Research and Learning
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Arnold Felske"
Tribute to late Reverend John Joseph Donohue
Tribute to late Romeo S. Manuet
Tribute to late August A. Olivo
Tribute to late Police Commander Jose Ramirez
Tribute to late Borghild Schauf
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Robert G. Cavaiani and Nicholas G. Picicci for life-saving actions
Congratulations extended to John Lyle on 95th birthday
Tribute to late Joseph L. Curtin 
Honorary street designation as "Willie B. Finch Way"
Honorary street designation as "Oprah Winfrey Way"
Gratitude extended to decorated World War II veteran Louis Zamperini
Congratulations extended to Probationary Police Officer Daniel Vazquez for selfless actions
Gratitude extended to Firefighters Thomas O'Connell and William Heenan, Engineer/EMT John Meade, Paramedic-in-Charge Kristoffer Kamper and Fire Paramedic Bryan Byrnes for heroic rescue
Congratulations extended to Simeon Career Academy High School on winning Class 4A State Basketball Championship (2011)
Gratitude extended to Edward F. Simpson (CSM) for dedicated service to U.S. military, State of Illinois and people of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Deane Beth Brown as incoming president of the Women's Bar Association
Recognition extended to Alex Dana founder of Rosebud Restaurant for contributions to Italian-American community and restaurant industry
Congratulations extended to Glessner House on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Real Men Cook on 22nd anniversary
Gratitude extended to 100 Club of Chicago for charitable efforts
Tribute to late Patrick Haugh
Tribute to late Gene Law 
Honorary street designation as "Quinn Kyles Avenue"
Tribute to late Stephanie T. Stronczek 
Tribute to late John Young 
Congratulations extended to Jesus Huerta on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Palermo's Italian Restaurant and Pizzeria on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Dr. Frank J. Baker II 
Tribute to late Honorable Sergei Bagapsh 
Tribute to late Honorable Bill Clements 
Tribute to late Honorable Garret Fitzgerald 
Tribute to late Honorable Matthew Kipling Fong 
Tribute to late Honorable Peter Frelinghuysen Jr. 
Tribute to late Mark Haines
Tribute to late Daryl Hawks 
Tribute to late Anne Keegan 
Tribute to late Richard Le Beau 
Tribute to late Reverend Thomas McHugh 
Tribute to late Rick Uchwat 
Tribute to late Marjorie Kelly Webster 
Congratulations extended to Robert M. Gates on retirement as U.S. Secretary of Defense
Recognition extended to Mary Kovats, Jacob Karlin and David Stix for heroic efforts
Congratulations extended to Benton House on celebration of 25th annual charitable golf tournament
Congratulations extended to Allie B. Blackshire on retirement from U.S. Bank
Congratulations extended to Lillian Gaba on retirement from U.S. Bank
Congratulations extended to Gertrude E. Muldrew on retirement from U.S. Bank
Tribute to late Paul Winston Nauden 
Tribute to late Leontine Snead 
Congratulations extended to Alice Tittle on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Patricia Jonikaitis on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to olice OfficerThomas J. Sheehan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Noah W. Reid, Jr. and Dr. Carolyn Waddy Reid on retirement from Langley Avenue Church of God
Congratulations extended to Gertrude E. Muldrew, Lillian Gaba and Allie B. Blackshire on retirement from U.S. Bank
Congratulations extended to St. Bernard Hospital and Health Care Centers on Emergency Medicine Excellence Award for 2011
Tribute to late Jimmie Ferguson 
Tribute to late Jean Taliaferro Hatcher 
Tribute to late Aretta Ragland 
Tribute to late Anna B. Rogers 
Congratulations extended to Joseph P. O'Brien on retirement from Chicago Fire Department
Congratulations extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine Company No. 8 on 150 years of dedicated service
Tribute to late Thomas M. Leahy 
Congratulations extended to Shriner's Childrens Hospital of Chicago on 85th anniversary
Tribute to late Lydia Denise Minnis 
Congratulations extended to St. Patrick High School on 150th anniversary
Tribute to late Anthony "Tony" Cusumano
Tribute to late Ruth Lima 
Tribute to late Arthur R. "Skipper" Schuster Jr. 
Congratulations extended to Theresa Annunzio on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Georgia Bumpers on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Melvin Choice on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Francine Friedman, CFRE, Francine Friedman Associates LLC on receiving Benjamin Franklin Award from Association of Fundraising Professionals, Chicago Chapter
Congratulations extended to Laura Malczewski on retirement as case manager at Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Karen Martin on retirement as assistant principal of Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Darlene E. McLendon on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Julie Rose on retirement as special education teacher at Northside Learning Center
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Frank Ward, Sr. Way"
Congratulations extended to Christine Woo on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Wanda Young on retirement from Northside Learning Center
Congratulations extended to Comcast on Digital Connectors program
Congratulations extended to Butch McGuire's on 50th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Honorable Alderman Eugene Schulter for 36 years of service to residents of 47th Ward
Congratulations extended to University of Illinois Medical Center on grand opening of Children's Hospital University of Illinois 
Honorary street designation as "Lt. Donald O. Friese Way"
Tribute to late James Mancari
Congratulations extended to Annie Jones on retirement as crossing guard from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Richard Wooten on retirement
Congratulations extended to Frank and Sherry Avila on 50th wedding anniversary
Tribute to late Walter G. Rigby, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Windy City Times on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Thomas Toivi Blatt
Tribute to late Dr. Richard Landau
Tribute to late Robert Markus
Tribute to late Honorable Helmut Schmidt
Tribute to late Honorable Fred Thompson
Recognition extended to Edith Stern, Holocaust survivor
Congratulations extended to Leonard J. Chenier on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Chicago Sightseeing Company on receipt of Excellence in Business Award
Congratulations extended to John Coletta on receipt of Excellence in Business Award
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Carmela Tagholi on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas Taglioli on retirement
Congratulations extended to Sam Toia on receipt of Excellence in Business Award
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Robert Zdziarski on retirement
Congratulations extended to Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council on Hoops in the Hood tournament and to Cornell Square Park and Holy Cross on tournament victories
Congratulations extended to Red Nose Day sponsors, organizers and partners and declaration of May 21, 2015 as "Red Nose Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Gary Shapiro on retirement from U.S. Attorney's Office for Northern District of Illinois
Recognition extended to London Towne Houses Cooperative, Inc. on renaming of Community Building 2 as "Ida Curtis Fisher Community Building"
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Cody on being named 2015 "Irish Man of the Year" by Emerald Society of Illinois
Recognition extended to Reverend Olga Iris Montanez on Pastors Appreciation Day
Tribute to late Edward C Hurley Jr. 
Congratulations extended to Midwest Aikido Center on 40th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Alex Dana Way"
Tribute to late Edward R. "Bud" Joyce
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Charles P. Guengerich"
Honorary street designation as "Russ Tutterow Way"
Honorary street designation as "Father Ralph H. Zwirn Way"
Congratulations extended to recipients of Golden Apple Award (2011)
Gratitude extended to Fire Marshal Victor Megaro for dedicated professionalism
Tribute to late Police Officer Paul Winston Nauden
Congratulations extended to David Ernesto Munar recognized as a "Champion of Change"
Congratulations extended to George "Buddy" Guy on 75th birthday
Gratitude extended to Harold L. Lucas for years of service to Bronzeville community
Congratulations extended to Lenora M. Austin on retirement from Hyde Park Chamber of Commerce
Gratitude extended to Abena Joan Brown for lifetime commitment to excellence
Congratulations extended to First Unitarian Church on 175th anniversary
Tribute to late Mary C. Harrill 
Recognition extended to AT&T Pioneers on Cell Phones for Soldiers collection drive
Tribute to late Anthony L. Fosco 
Congratulations extended to staff and youth of Healthcare Alternative Systems, Inc. engaged in Youth Prevention Program
Tribute to late Peter W. Johnson 
Tribute to late Elizabeth Kothanek 
Tribute to late Richard Siepka 
Tribute to late Lucille Skowron
Tribute to late John Richardson Alison 
Tribute to late William A. Barnett 
Tribute to late Honorable Mark Beaubien Jr. 
Tribute to late Charlotte Bloomberg 
Tribute to late Lawrence Eagleburger
Tribute to late Sir Patrick Michael Leigh Fermor 
Tribute to late Howard Gordon Kaplan 
Tribute to late Honorable Shirley Klem 
Tribute to late Honorable Robert L. Lambert 
Tribute to late Margaret O'Donnell 
Tribute to late Michael Olivieri 
Tribute to late Honorable Walter Peterson 
Tribute to late Honorable Rubel Phillips 
Tribute to late Reverend Dr. Ruth Theresa Williams 
Tribute to late Edith R. Wyden 
Gratitude extended to Bea Reyna-Hickey for 25 years of public service
Gratitude extended to Lewis Jordan for accomplishments as Chief Executive Officer of Chicago Housing Authority
Gratitude extended to Christopher G. Kennedy for 25 years of leadership
Congratulations extended to Rick W. Mills on position as Deputy Superintendent of Minneapolis Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Norma I. Reyes on retirement as Commissioner from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Lookingglass Theatre on 2011 Tony Award for Best Regional Theatre
Congratulations extended to St. Patrick High School on 150th anniversary
Recognition extended to Havana Day Dreaming organizers for fundraising efforts
Congratulations extended to John A. Bills on retirement as Managing Deputy Commissioner from Chicago Department of Transportation
Congratulations extended to Bishop Vesta Lewis Dixon on Golden Jubilee
Tribute to late Jamar Lavell "Shorty" Connor 
Tribute to late Seraphina Walker 
Congratulations extended to Maureen Elizabeth Escherich on retirement from Cook County Assessor's Office
Congratulations extended to Jim and Joan Pellegrini on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Bishop Charles E. Davis on retirement
Tribute to late Joseph Soukal 
Tribute to late Firefighter Edward J. Stringer, Sr.
Tribute to late Willie B. Finch 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Julio Velgara on retirement 
Tribute to late Angel David Martinez 
Tribute to late David Michael Pustola 
Gratitude extended to Marine Lance Corporal Eddie R. Perez for dedication and service in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom
Gratitude extended to Ride For AIDS Chicago for commitment in fight against AIDS
Gratitude extended to Bea Reyna-Hickey for 27 years of dedicated government service
Congratulations extended to Norma Reyes on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Anderson, Forney, Hudson and Lucy families on celebration of family reunion
Gratitude extended to various organizations for community service to West Pullman 
Congratulations extended to Patrick Joseph McGraw on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Annie Beck 
Tribute to late James Wilson 
Gratitude extended to Dr. Charles Guengerich on dedication to City Colleges of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Tivadar "Ted" Szabo and Szabo Realty on 20th anniversary
Tribute to late Helen S. Chapekis 
Tribute to late Angela Fornelli 
Tribute to late Angelina Kanagin 
Tribute to late Russell C. Klein 
Tribute to late Joaquin Mendoza 
Tribute to late Martin Pufpaf 
Tribute to late Charlotte Rapoport 
Tribute to late Irene J. Stanko 
Congratulations extended to Nicole Koleczek on winning 1st place in City-Wide Chicago Public Schools Young Author Competition
Congratulations extended to Joyce Nakamura on retirement as principal of Stone Scholastic Academy
Best wishes extended to Korean American Chamber of Commerce 
Congratulations extended to Edith A. Levy on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Butchs McGuire's on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Benedictine Sisters of Chicago on 150th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Christopher Reischl
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Linford Coleman, Sr. Way"
Congratulations extended to Harrison I. Steans on receipt of Lyman J. Gage Award for Outstanding Civic Contribution by an Individual
Honorary street designation as "Edward J. Stringer, Sr. Blvd"
Congratulations extended to William "Pete" Wilson on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Honorable Arthur N. Hamilton 
Honorary street designation as "Joseph Caldwell Way"
Honorary street designation as "Prince Hall Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mary Thomas Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorable Abena Joan Brown Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend C. L. Norman Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Dr. Samuel L. Douglas"
Tribute to late Elizabeth Von Nemeth 
Tribute to late Irene S. Willard 
Congratulations extended to Robert Fitzgerald on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to Mark Freedman on 40th anniversary of Myron and Phil Restaurant
Congratulations extended to Lambs Farm on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Carmen Prestigiacomo on retirement from Chicago's Department of Streets and Sanitation
Congratulations extended to Matt Bauler on retirement from Department of Streets and Sanitation
Congratulations extended to Chicago Chapter of the National Charleston Day Organization on 37th Annual Reunion
Congratulations extended to Yolandis McCaskill named Regional Youth of the Year 
Tribute to late George Mitchell
Welcome extended to His Holiness the XIV Dalai Lama of Tibet on visit to Chicago
Gratitude extended to William L. Lavicka on many accomplishments and tenacity
Recognition extended to Ken Raskin and Manny's Deli on honorary renaming of portion of S Jefferson St as "Ken Raskin Way" 
Congratulations extended to Mickey Conino on retirement as Assistant Director of Housing at South East Chicago Commission 
Congratulations extended to Ghana National Council on celebration of 23rd annual Ghana Fest
Congratulations extended to Prince Hall Masons and Most Worship Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Illinois for contributions to "Civil Rights Movement" 
Tribute to late Michael Dewitt Turpeau Sr. 
Tribute to late Claretha Jones Rayner 
Tribute to late Bendell Gill 
Tribute to late Carrie Lee Orr
Congratulations extended to Ivan Fernandez on 30 years in Latin music industry
Tribute to late Phillip P. Casello 
Tribute to late John M. Quinn 
Tribute to late Elaine Schultz 
Tribute to late Linda Wach 
Tribute to late Amelia Claire "Mia" Wieland 
Tribute to late Frankie Balestri 
Tribute to late Honorable Ira DeMent 
Tribute to late Betty Ford 
Tribute to late Anthony L. Fosco 
Tribute to late Honorable T. Jordan Gallagher 
Tribute to late Ramona Hahn 
Tribute to late Brother Charles E. Joyce 
Tribute to late Honorable Thaddeus L. Kowalski 
Tribute to late Honorable Donald L. Maxwell 
Tribute to late John D. McDonough 
Tribute to late Pauline Mary Munizzi 
Tribute to late William L. Olsen 
Tribute to late Bishop J.O. Patterson 
Tribute to late Honorable Kathleen Pucalik 
Tribute to late Edward A. Radek Sr. 
Tribute to late Dr. Steve Th. Richard 
Tribute to late Honorable Betty Roberts 
Tribute to late Lura Lynn Ryan 
Congratulations extended to Michael Masters 2011 recipient of Award of Excellence in Police Administration bestowed by Illinois Crime Commission
Congratulations extended to Reverend Thomas Nangle on retirement as Chaplain of Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry on receiving Medal of Honor
Congratulations extended to Arthur J. Smith Sr. on completion of tenure as member of Chicago Police Board
Congratulations extended to Mildred J. "Milly" Zysman on 85th birthday
Congratulations extended to Rosie Lee Atchison on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Dorothy Mae Wright 
Tribute to late Kyle Slaughter 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine Company No. 8 on 150 years of dedicate service
Tribute to late Kiza Lee Dixon 
Tribute to late Dollie Virginia Clay 
Tribute to late David Robert Benson 
Tribute to late Mon Lim Louie 
Tribute to late Pauline Mary Munizzi 
Tribute to late Ella G. Schaller 
Tribute to late Chester J. Klich 
Tribute to late Aaron Schmidt 
Tribute to late Chuck Turner
Gratitude extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine 117 and Tower Ladder 14 on heroic life saving rescue
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard Gonzalez and Police Officers Frank Zotta and Charlie H. Bell for heroic lifesaving actions
Congratulations extended to Michael R. Quinlan Way on accomplishments and civic generosity
Tribute to late Forrest Bird
Tribute to late Honorable Catherine Colgrass-Edwards
Tribute to late Shirley E. Connors
Tribute to late Emma Didlake
Tribute to late Justin Fishbein
Tribute to late Milo Hamilton
Tribute to late Sergeant 1st Class Corey Hood
Tribute to late Helen Burns Jackson
Tribute to late Valerie Naomi Jackson
Tribute to late T. Ron Jasinski-Herbert
Tribute to late James P. O'Donnell
Congratulations extended to Catherine (Robertson) Edwards on 80th birthday
Gratitude extended to Chicago's First Responders of September 11, 2001 attacks
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Norm and Eileen Schroeder Way"
Honorary street designation as "Archie Jones Way"
Honorary street designation as "Saul Bellow Way"
Honorary street designation as "Bill Conforti Way"
Honorary street designation as "Captain James A. Lovell Way"
Honorary street designation as "Father Augustus Tolton Street"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Don Cornelius Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Jim Del Medico Way"
Honorary street designation as " Bernie Mac"
Tribute to late William "Sully" Sullivan 
Congratulations extended to Alderman Vi Daley on retirement from City Council
Gratitude extended to City Clerk Miguel del Valle for service as City Clerk
Gratitude extended to Alderman Patrick Levar for dedicated service to residents of 45th Ward
Gratitude extended to Alderman Freddrenna Lyle for dedicated service to residents of 6th Ward
Congratulations extended to Michael Davis on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Gratitude extended to Alderman Eugene "Gene" Schulter for dedicated service to residents of 47th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Mary Ann Smith on retirement from City Council
Tribute to late Lee Tasker Jones Jr. 
Tribute to late Alex Daniel Thomas 
Tribute to late Rita Victoria Amraen 
Tribute to late Sally P. Katona-King 
Tribute to late Pamela A. Collier 
Tribute to late James Robert Haring 
Tribute to late Honorable Esther Golar
Tribute to late Robert L. McNaughton 
Congratulations extended to David H. Maring on retirement from Pilgrim Lutheran School  
Congratulations extended to Police First Deputy Superintendent Alfonza Wysinger on retirement
Congratulations extended to Andrea Gibson on appointment as Cook County Budget Director
Gratitude extended to Lillian Drummond for service to South Austin community
Recognition extended to Dr. Donald R. Hopkins for contributions to City 
Recognition extended to Chicago Career Tech on innovative job-retraining initiatives
Tribute to late John (Jack) E. Rooney
Tribute to late Wilma Ward 
Congratulations extended to Pastor Cy Fields on 22 years to ministry and public service
Congratulations extended to Shemekia Copeland as new "Queen of the Blues"
Congratulations extended to John G. Locallo as recipient of Justinian Society of Lawyers Award of Excellence
Congratulations extended to Yolandis McCaskill named Regional Youth of the Year 
Congratulations extended to Katherine A. Amari O'Dell installed as 90th President of Justinian Society of Lawyers for year 2011-2012
Congratulations extended to Justice Mary S. Schostokon receipt of Justinian Society of Lawyers Helen M. Cerice Award of Recognition
Congratulations extended to Chicago Theatre on 90th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Goodcity on 25th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to SIGNARAMA Downtown on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to A Silver Lining Foundation on 7th annual gala fundraiser
Tribute to late Darius Anthony Brown 
Tribute to late Charles Kenniel 
Congratulations extended to James Howard Thome on surpassing 600 career home runs
Congratulations extended to St. Joseph's Club on 85th anniversary
Tribute to late Diane Burns
Tribute to late Mary Ann Duggan 
Tribute to late Olivia Fernandez 
Tribute to late Claire Gleffe 
Tribute to late Aldona M. Kody 
Tribute to late Zenon Montes
Tribute to late Stanley Olhava 
Tribute to late Andres Tapia Jr. 
Tribute to late Honorable Adolpho A. Birch Jr. 
Tribute to late Paul H. "Bud" Boecker 
Tribute to late Tamara Anne Brennan 
Tribute to late Dr. Albert N. Brown 
Tribute to late Honorable Hugh Carey 
Tribute to late Reverend James J. Close 
Tribute to late Ethel Darden 
Tribute to late Dr. Charles Edwards 
Tribute to late Honorable Terence Evans 
Tribute to late Aurelio "Ray" Garcia 
Tribute to late Honorable Mark O. Hatfield 
Tribute to late Dr. Bernadine Healy 
Tribute to late Paul Donald Maca 
Tribute to late Charles T. Manatt 
Tribute to late William McLenahan 
Tribute to late Joe Morris, Sr. 
Tribute to late Frank Moscardini 
Tribute to late Charles P. Murray, Jr. 
Tribute to late Honorable Matthew Perry 
Tribute to late Archbishop Pietro Sambi 
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas Scheiner 
Tribute to late Charles J. Schmidt 
Tribute to late Genral John Shalikashvili 
Tribute to late Shulamit Shamir 
Tribute to late Sara Shiller 
Tribute to late William L. Thompson 
Tribute to late Augustus Vicari 
Tribute to late Nancy Wake 
Tribute to late John J. White 
Tribute to late John Wing 
Gratitude extended to George Hisaeda for tireless service as
Consul General of Japan in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Honorable Dawn Clark Netsch on 85th birthday
Congratulations extended to Gene Niezgoda being named 2011 recipient of Judge Marovitz Mentoring Award
Congratulations extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine Company 8 on 150 years of dedicated service
Congratulations extended to Girl Scouts of the USA on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Lithuanian National Cemetery on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late George Robert Martin 
Recognition extended to Chicago Fire Department and Chicago Police Department for charity efforts commemorating September 11, 2001 attacks on America
Tribute to late Talisa Beard 
Gratitude extended to Army Staff Sergeant De'Andre Hayes on dedicated service to U.S.
Congratulations extended to Clear Ridge Senior Division Little League as 2011 Illinois State Champions
Congratulations extended to Don Cornelius and creation of "Soul Train" on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Virgilio Santos honored by Dominican
American Midwest Association for humanitarian services
Congratulations extended to Pastor Dwight Gunn to office of Bishop of Home Missions and Executive Director of International Missions Foundation
Congratulations extended to Rudy's Cycle & Fitness Center on 50 years of outstanding service
Tribute to late Maria Rosa Benincasa 
Tribute to late Johnnie M. Bolster 
Tribute to late Betty V. Brannon 
Tribute to late James C. "Jim" DelMedico 
Tribute to late Gale E. Dominowski
Tribute to late Lorraine A. Dowiarz 
Tribute to late Norman Glicksberg 
Tribute to late Thomas C. Hayes 
Tribute to late Kazuko Murakami 
Tribute to late Joseph Anthony Neitlich 
Tribute to late Sandra P. Spaulding 
Tribute to late Robert "Bob" A. Stolle 
Congratulations extended to Floyd A. Schlossberg and Alden Bennett Construction on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Robert and Eleanor Schwarz on 70th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Maurice Spiegel on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Friends of Bohemian National Cemetery on award of grant by the National Trust for Historic Preservation
Congratulations extended to Deputy Chief Bruce M. Rottner on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Charles J. "Charlie" Schmidt 
Gratitude extended to Fire Department District Chief Timothy Sampey for displays of courage
Congratulations extended to S&C Electric Company on 100th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Firefighter Larrence McCormack for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Christopher Elliott on heroic lifesaving efforts
Tribute to late Honorable Kerry Brunette 
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Arnold M. Tatar Way"
Honorary street designation as "Tex LaDuca Way"
Tribute to late Sylvia Carson-Doty
Tribute to late Hayes Bazaar Thompson
Congratulations extended to Elder Jeffrey D. Hodges on 60th birthday
Honorary street designation as "Joyce Fulgium Drive"
Congratulations extended to Habitat for Humanity ReStore Chicago on first anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Kelly Ryan Blvd"
Gratitude extended to Ron Barber on extraordinary contributions to young people through The Paul Simon Jobcorps
Congratulations extended to William Johnson on 80th birthday
Recognition extended to Pullman residents and boosters for efforts to preserve cultural heritage
Congratulations extended to Myrtle Reese Powell on 104th birthday
Tribute to late Otis Lee Mitchell 
Tribute to late Lucy Jefferson 
Tribute to late Mother Johnnie Mae Lewis 
Tribute to late Elvira Hughes Brown
Tribute to late Gladystine McLin 
Tribute to late Luella Palmer 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. A. Edward Davis, Jr.on 42 years in Gospel Ministry and on 35 years as Pastor of St. John M. B. Church
Tribute to late Henry T. Chandler, Jr. 
Tribute to late Reverend James Joseph Close 
Tribute to late Betty Ford 
Tribute to late Mary Hodur 
Tribute to late Eleanor Janulis 
Tribute to late Jeffrey Bland
Tribute to late Dr. James E. Bowman 
Tribute to late Sandra Ann Degnan
Tribute to late Michael L. Gentile 
Tribute to late John E. "Jack" Goggin 
Tribute to late Archbishop Philip Hannan 
Tribute to late Shirley Hamilton 
Tribute to late Thomas Heitmann 
Tribute to late Honorable Frank K. Hoover
Tribute to late Dolores Hope
Tribute to late Kara Kennedy 
Tribute to late Honorable Claude Kirk 
Tribute to late Honorable Remo. N. Picchietti, Sr.
Tribute to late Michael C. Roberts 
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas J. Ryan 
Tribute to late Timothy D. Sayne 
Tribute to late Nancy Schillerstrom 
Tribute to  late Dr. Herbert Slutsky 
Tribute to late George E. Tannehill 
Tribute to late Honorable Malcolm Wallop 
Tribute to late Max Wildman 
Tribute to late Honorable Harry "Bus" Yourell 
Tribute to late Jospeh W. Zimmermann 
Congratulations extended to U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant Dakota Meyer on receipt of Medal of Honor
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late First Lieutenant Derwin Williams 
Tribute to late Bishop Bennett M. Wolfe 
Congratulations extended to George H. Robinson on 86th birthday
Congratulations extended to Moody Bible Institute on 125th anniversary
Tribute to late Kalem A. Polk 
Tribute to late Lardell M. Braxton 
Congratulations extended to Sim and Mable Griffin on 66th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Anthony Bingham III on promotion to 5th District Commander in 1st District of American
Legion 
Congratulations extended to Jacqueline Reed on retirement from Westside Health Authority
Tribute to late Otto J. Jaeger 
Congratulations extended to St. Mary Romanian Orthodox Church on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Paula Carrol Davis 
Tribute to late Sister Mary Deotilla Gryzik 
Tribute to late Patrick James Hardy 
Tribute to late Timothy Joseph Hebert
Tribute to late Patricia A. Lama 
Tribute to late Charles Joseph Landi 
Tribute to late Thomas J. Lenihan 
Tribute to late Bruce John Madiar 
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Tom Maloney on organizing September 11th Memorial Motorcycle Ride
Congratulations extended to Albany Park Community Center Food Pantry on 15th anniversary
Tribute to late Jeanette E. Timm 
Congratulations extended to Prete Apartments on 20th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Senate Apartments on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to William "Bill" Birch on retirement
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Recognition extended to Ben Groeper for heroic rescue
Tribute to late Ronald Ashlaw 
Tribute to late James Tobin 
Tribute to late Marlene Myers 
Tribute to late Honorable Charles Percy 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Arnold M. Tatar for 50 years of dedicated public service
Honorary street designation as "Baldomero "Bob" Garcia Jr. Way" 
Tribute to late Michael Nykiel
Gratitude extended to Andrea "Angie" Ryniec for dedicated service to Chicago Park District 
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Reverend Jerry D. Goodloe Way"
Honorary street designation as "Lisa Silver Way"
Honorary street designation as "William 'Bill' Kinder Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jacqueline 'Jackie' Reed Way"
Honorary street designation as "Isaac Silver Way"
Congratulations extended to USA Soccer (Football) Team members Michael Henderson, Israel Rivera, Keith Tyler and Antonio Williams on winning Bronze Medal at 2015 Special Olympics International World Games 
Tribute to late James R. Klinkhamer
Tribute to late Ben Kuroki
Tribute to late Ron Maki
Gratitude extended to United German-American Societies of Greater Chicago for Von Steuben German Day Parade honoring Baron Friedrich Von Steuben
Tribute to late Honorable Marvin Mandel
Tribute to late Reverend Byron Papanikolaou
Tribute to late Billy Pierce
Tribute to late Honorable R. Lloyd Renfro
Tribute to late Honorable Richard S. Schweiker
Tribute to late Patrick Joseph Shannon
Tribute to late Harry Volkman
Tribute to late Honorable Richard Welton
Congratulations extended to Sherman Kaplan on retirement from broadcast journalism
Congratulations extended to Service Club of Chicago on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Robert W. McDarrah on retirement from Department of Transportation
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Dr. Warner B. Birts 
Tribute to late Dr. Gregory James 
Congratulations extended to Reverend. Dr. O.C Morgan Sr. on 51 years of service at Evening Star Church
Congratulations extended to Dorothy R. Leavell on 50th  anniversary at
Chicago Crusader Newspaper Group
Congratulations extended to Emily Ball McIntosh on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Reginald Julian Ferguson 
Tribute to late Georgene Chmura 
Tribute to late Michael Donovan 
Tribute to late George Galik 
Tribute to late Al Perez
Tribute to late Donald Agrella 
Tribute to late Dr. Donald Brieland 
Tribute to late Mary Patricia Cullerton 
Tribute to late Steve Daley 
Tribute to late Arthur Dubin 
Tribute to late George Timothy Evans 
Tribute to late Ambrose Francis Ferri 
Tribute to late Donald F. Flynn 
Tribute to late Robert Galvin 
Tribute to late Joseph J. Gentile 
Tribute to late Steve Jobs 
Tribute to late Dr. Ellis Johnson 
Tribute to late Roger Kennedy 
Tribute to late Dr. Richard Koch 
Tribute to late Nat P. Ozmon 
Tribute to late David H. Padden 
Tribute to late Theodore "Ted" Pincus 
Tribute to late Honorable Albert Rosellini 
Tribute to late Dr. Ralph Steinman 
Tribute to late Crown Prince Sultan 
Tribute to late Dr. Phillip Taxman 
Congratulations extended to Grace Barry on retirement as President of Economic Club of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Cynthia Y. Cobbs 2011 recipient of the
Chicago Bar Association's Earl Burrus Dickerson Award
Congratulations extended to Joseph M. Gagliardo named as Labor & Employment Lawyer of the Year by Best Lawyers' 2012
Gratitude extended to Marine Lance Corporal Josh Misiewicz for military service
Congratulations extended to Patricia Molloy on receipt of 2011 Kathy Osterman Award and years of dedicated service to Chicago Park District
Congratulations extended to George E. Augustyn on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Mia Barron for 10 years of service as crossing guard
Gratitude extended to Dorothy Kelly-Day for dedicated public service to schoolchildren
Congratulations extended to Lillie Glover on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Eleanor Green for dedicated service to schoolchildren
Congratulations extended to Bernadette Heelan on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Jacima Coffey on completion of digital literacy training
Congratulations extended to Larry Kemp on completion of digital literacy training
Congratulations extended to Linda Love on completion of digital literacy training
Congratulations extended to Clarence Williams on completion of digital literacy training
Congratulations extended to Ruth Williams on completion of digital literacy training
Congratulations extended to Leo High School Track & Field team on attaining 1st place honors in Illinois High School Association Track & Field Championship
Tribute to late Imogene Somerville-Hart 
Congratulations extended to St. Therese Chinese Catholic School named 2011 National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence 
Congratulations extended to Peggy and Steve Fossett Foundation on dedication of Steve Fossett Center for Scouting
Tribute to late Brenda Vera Carey 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Homer Gardner on 33rd anniversary as pastor of Sun Rise Missonary Baptist Church
Gratitude extended to Bishop Claude E. Tears on 45 years of outstanding leadership
Recognition extended to Eagle Scout Troop 3707 for community service 
Congratulations extended to Freedman Seating Company on street naming dedication
Tribute to late Margie Chirikos 
Tribute to late Sally Malone Cowhey 
Tribute to late Mary Falzone 
Tribute to late Russell Mounsey 
Tribute to late Maxine Sikora 
Tribute to late Phillip Taxman, M.D., J.D. 
Tribute to late Charles Turner 
Recognition extended to John "Jack" Randazzo for service to Mayfair community
Recognition extended to George Rico for service during World War II and contributions to Chicago Public School and Mexican-American
community
Congratulations extended to Anthony "Tony" Spatafora Jr. as honoree of 2011 Mayfair Community Salute to Veterans
Congratulations extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine Company 89, Hook and Ladder Company 56, and Ambulance 46 Third Shift for outstanding public service by Mayfair Veterans Committee and Mayfair Lions Club
Congratulations extended to Village of Lincolnwood on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to 98.7 WFMT on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Freda "Fritz" Plotnick Baron on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Mary Kay O'Rourke
Tribute to late Kathleen McLoughlin
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Elizabeth Read for her heroic lifesaving rescue
Congratulations extended to Fire Paramedic in Charge Johnny Hendricks, Fire Paramedic Robert Truevillian, Firefighters Richard Stack, Larrence McCormack, Raymond Cullar, David Walsh and Sean Finn, Lieutenant/Paramedic Brian McArdle and Chief of Special
Operations Michael Fox for heroic rescue
Tribute to late Kyle C. Matthews
Congratulations extended to K-Town Historic District on listing in National Register of Historic Places
Honorary street designation as "Isaac Silver Way"
Tribute to late Kendall McDonald 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Uptown Lions Club on 90 years of service
Tribute to late Neil Bosanko 
Tribute to late Daniel Burke
Tribute to late Lawrence Caine 
Tribute to late Nickolas Daniels 
Tribute to late Frank DuPey 
Tribute to late James E. Fletcher 
Tribute to late Honorable Wendell Edward Jones
Tribute to late Louis Gene Lamb
Tribute to late Honorable Judith B. Petrucci 
Tribute to late Robert Pritzker 
Tribute to late Kelli Joy O'Laughlin 
Tribute to late Magdalena H. Pallasch 
Tribute to late Dorothy Rodham 
Congratulations extended to Maryann Bakutis on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Paul V. Burg on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Patrick DeMoon on 70th birthday
Congratulations extended to Sergio H. Gonzalez on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Maureen A. Hayes on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Eugene Kostka on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to John W. Madden Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Marianne McCullough on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Robert J. Siegel on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Horace McCann 
Congratulations extended to Apostle Dr. Yvonne Lee-Wilson on 29th year as minister and 17th anniversary on foundation of Body of Christ Deliverance Ministries
Tribute to late Harry David Rodriguez Jr. 
Congratulations extended to Donald Sansone being honored by Mayfair Veterans Committee and Mayfair Lions Club for outstanding public service

Recognition extended to Vietnamese-American Community and Vietnamese Freedom and Heritage Flag
Recognition extended to U.S. military veterans on commemorations of Veteran's Day
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Dennis M. Graber and  Engine Company 46 Lieutenant Robert Murphy, Firefighter/Paramedic Thomas Colwell, Firefighter Jose Rinconeno, Engineer/EMT Thomas Pepper, Firefighter/EMT Steve Conrath and Truck 17 Firefighter/EMT William Fennessey, Lleutenant/EMT John Tumplch, Firefighter/EMT Jeffrey Martin, Firefighter/EMT Keith Miller and Firefighter/EMT Carl Sabin of Chicago Fire Department for heroic efforts
Recognition extended to Fifth Third Bank on renaming of 222 South Riverside Plaza as "Fifth Third Center"
Tribute to late Joseph Fuller 
Tribute to late John E. Mrugala 
Tribute to late Estelle Wiercioch 
Tribute to late Joe Frazier 
Tribute to late Andrew Aitken "Andy" Rooney 
Congratulations extended to John Coughlin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Michael Jeziorny on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Marianne Franklin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Gordon Lohrman on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to James Mikota on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Paul Perkins on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Daina Smith on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late John Cierny 
Tribute to late Margaret Gunther 
Tribute to late Arlene M. Ward 
Congratulations extended to Pastor Clinton L. Norman Jr. on street naming dedication
Congratulations extended to Mark Thacker on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to John Gula on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Sandra Alfred on retirement as executive director of Chicago Animal Care and Control
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Jacquelin Kinsella and Thomas Surma for exemplary police work
Honorary street designation as "Joe Kopera Way"
Congratulations extended to Gang Investigations Unit, Area 1 Detectives, Narcotics Unit and 24th Police District for Operation Scorpion 
Congratulations extended to City Colleges of Chicago on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Honorable Don Edwards
Tribute to late Right Honorable Denis Healey
Tribute to late Richard G. Scott
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Maurice Harvey Way"
Recognition extended to Carl H. Davis Sr. for contributions to music industry
Congratulations extended to New Landmark Missionary Baptist Church on 65th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Abena Joan Brown in celebration of 40 years of service to African American Arts
Congratulations extended to MB Financial Bank on 100th anniversary
Recognition extended to Neil Bosano for lifetime community service 
Tribute to late Terrence Knox 
Tribute to late Michael O'Connell 
Congratulations extended to Peninsula Chicago Hotel on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Anthony John Carothers on retirement 
Tribute to late Angela Mitchell 
Recognition extended to John Marshall Law School for service to small businesses and provision of pro bono legal assistance to Chicago communities
Recognition extended to Eric Dockery for contributions on behalf of at-risk children
Recognition extended to Emmanuel Whitley Simmons for lifelong contributions
Tribute to late James E. Bowman M.D 
Tribute to late Vontrell Williams 
Tribute to late Janie Brown 
Congratulations extended to Willie Ray for being honored at 30th Annual Fashion for a Circle of Friends event
Tribute to late Albert A. Briggs 
Tribute to late Mitchell Joseph O'Bannon 
Tribute to late Fred Peoples 
Tribute to late Thomas Lee Wilson 
Tribute to late Richard Harding Davis Jr. 
Tribute to late Barry I. Sloan 
Tribute to late Mary Busiedlik 
Tribute to late Lucille E. Moore
Tribute to late Robert S. Plessouski 
Tribute to late Jean Reagan 
Tribute to late James Svatos 
Congratulations extended to Sandra Schade on retirement from Madigan-Quinn Constituent Service Office
Tribute to late Rose V. Rita
Tribute to late Susanna "Sue" Bell 
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Cahill 
Tribute to late Reverend Maurice Gordon Chase
Tribute to late Raymond L. Clark 
Tribute to late Honorable Nancy Corbett Dillon 
Tribute to late Adam E. Dobereiner 
Tribute to late Cardinal John Patrick Foley 
Tribute to late William Hohri 
Tribute to late Akira Hoshizaki 
Tribute to late Danielle Mitterrand
Tribute to late Honorable Norbett Pabich 
Tribute to late Richard Joseph Phelan 
Tribute to late Mary Lee Riley 
Tribute to late Charles B. Roberts 
Tribute to late Matthew Sapolin 
Tribute to late Honorable Arthur Schultz
Tribute to late Honorable John Schwartz 
Tribute to late Ricahrd Ulas
Congratulations extended to Honorable Roger C. Claar on 25th  anniversary as Mayor of Village of Bolingbrook
Gratitude extended to Michael T. Ivers for distinguished service as head of Goodcity Chicago
Congratulations extended to Lola Jones on earning G.E.D. certificate
Congratulations extended to George E. Augustyn on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Mia Barron on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Lillie Glover on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Eleanor Green on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Bernadette Heelan on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Dorothy Kelly-Day on retirement as crossing guard from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Pamela Caver-Elder on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Arthur Henderson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Coralyn Hudik on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to David Jefferson on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Evelyn Lee on retirement as crossing guard from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Joanne Prater on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Geraldine Robinson on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Cisco Rowland on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Robert Samuels on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Edith Scott on retirement as crossing guard from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William Voight on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Willie Wallington on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Michael T. Kuemmeth on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Ruby Jean Byrd 
Tribute to late Janie Brown 
Congratulations extended to Boy Scout Troop 990 on 75th anniversary reunion
Tribute to late Margaret V. Eischen 
Tribute to late Walter B. Lehmann 
Tribute to late Judy Smith Macdonald 
Tribute to late Eugene P. Mroz 
Tribute to late Samuel Sungkwan Park 
Tribute to late James T. Rooney 
Tribute to late Wilma Williams 
Congratulations extended to Koram Senior Housing KACS and Koram Housing on 25th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Chester E. Zdunek for service to his community
Tribute to late James C. Tyree
Gratitude extended to Shane Carroll for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Dolores Bernstein on 80th birthday
Recognition extended to Anthony Alfano for contributions as preisdent of DePaul Student Government Association and efforts to eradicate discrimination and intolerance
Congratulations extended to Wallace and Margaret Rappe on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Andrew Greek Orthodox Church on 85th anniversary
Tribute to Chicago former First Lady Margaret "Maggie" Daley
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Carol A. Lang Way"
Tribute to late Catherine Nugent
Congratulations extended to Chicago Blackhawks on winning 2013 Stanley Cup
Congratulations extended to Deering District Patrol Officers Michael Modzelewski and John Coneely for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Sister Sheila Lyne, RSM on retirement as president and chief executive officer of Mercy Hospital & Medical Center
Congratulations extended to St. Thomas the Apostle School on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to James T. McKittrick on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William P. Moss on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Michael J. Mulligan Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Peter R. Ochoa on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert J. O'Leary on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Edward O'Reilly on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Don O. Parker on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Joseph Pedersen on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Barbara Pevitz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Leonilo Portillo on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Gery M. Retzke on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to John P. Riordan on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas Rodriguez on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Cisco D. Rowland on retirement
Congratulations extended to John C. Salyers on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to John D. Sanchez on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Peggy J. Schulte on retirement 
Congratulations extended to John J. Schulz on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Sara A. Seagren on retirement
Congratulations extended to Lawrence Sneed Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Bishop Kennie R. Delt
Congratulations extended to Donald Sobczak on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Daniel Sopcak on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas C. Staples on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Jonathan R. Thomas on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William L. Thomas on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Linda M. Trausch on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Eldon E. Urbikas on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Hermes Velez on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Julio Velgara on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Donald R. Vetrovec on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Jewell R. Hazel 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William M. Voight on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ralph G. Wilson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police  Sergeant Stan L. Wolak on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Christine A. Zaprzalka on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to James E. Baugh on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Kelsey Grammer on receipt of Golden Globe Award
Congratulations extended to Larry Troupe on retirement from City of Chicago's Department of Streets and Sanitation
Tribute to late Clifton P. Lewis 
Tribute to late Alfonso Rivera Rodriguez 
Congratulations extended to Jose Antonio Betancourt on retirement as foreman of Motor Truck Drivers Bureau of Electricity
Tribute to late Erma L. Sharp
Tribute to late Alexandria Washington 
Congratulations extended to Henrietta Williams on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Sandra M. Barone 
Tribute to late John Carollo
Tribute to late Charles "Charlie Daniel Hudson Hill
Tribute to late Mary Jane Miller 
Tribute to late Charles B. Roberts 
Tribute to late Beth Sandberg
Tribute to late Lois Mack Schill 
Tribute to late Mary Kay Sheehan 
Tribute to late Margaret Estelle Williams 
Tribute to late Mary K. Von Loewe
Tribute to late Edward J. Yeager 
Tribute to late Evelyn Genevieve Zaar 
Tribute to late Philip Wherry 
Congratulations extended to Laurel Witz Blau on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to DeVry University on 80th anniversary
Tribute to late Mary "Merry" Featherston
Tribute to late Eva Helwing 
Gratitude extended to Anthony Alfano for courageous and
significant contribution in dissolving discrimination
Congratulations extended to Julia Mae Dancer on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Debra Sidock, Ann & Frank Glapa, Suzanne Poirier, John Hoffman, David Taylor, Bonnie Tracz, and Michael Oyster for winning Mayor Emanuel's Landscape Award Program 
Congratulations extended to Mona Nasser Hersheway on 100th birthday
Tribute to late James Browne 
Tribute to late Dora Campbell 
Tribute to late Augustin Maestre 
Tribute to late Lillian B. Niedzwiedz 
Tribute to late Kenneth Thome 
Tribute to late Evelyn Trzyna
Tribute to late Thomas Bridgman 
Tribute to late Honorable Alex DeCroce 
Tribute to late John Fallon 
Tribute to late Honorable Ruth Fernandez 
Tribute to late Frank Gardner 
Tribute to late Honorable William "Bill" Janklow 
Tribute to late Brian Leonhardt 
Tribute to late Keith Little 
Tribute to late Honorable Frank J. McGarr
Tribute to late Christopher A. Patterson 
Tribute to late John W. Ridges Sr. 
Tribute to late Gene R. Summers 
Tribute to late Philip Wherry 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Paul J. Adams III on 40 years of
leadership with Chicago's Providence-St. Mel School
Congratulations extended to Colonel Jack S. Garcia on retirement from Illinois State Police
Gratitude extended to Firefighter Billy Miller on heroic lifesaving efforts
Congratulations extended to Samuel A. Ramirez & Company on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Xavier University on winning National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Championship
Tribute to late Roy Wesley Coppage Sr. 
Tribute to late Rosie L. Starks 
Congratulations extended to Diane Taylor-Evans on retirement from Chicago Public Library
Congratulations extended to Wrightwood Improvement Association on 69 years of service
Congratulations extended to Edward J. Adams Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard Adamski on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Geralyn M. Baiocchi on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Steven W. Bigden on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Marvin E. Bonnstetter on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Matthew Brady on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Raimondo L. Brown on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Kenneth E. Burke on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Samuel J. Capasso on retirement 
Congratulations extended to John Casper Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to David Y. Catalano on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Gerard M. Clancy on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert J. Colella on retirement 
Congratulations extended to John F. Coughlin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Michael Cox on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to James P. Cradick on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert J. Craig on retirement 
Congratulations extended to James P. Dignan on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Theresa I. Dishman on retirement
Congratulations extended to Milton N. Dixon Jr. on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard E. Downs on retirement 
Congratulations extended to John P. Drapiewski on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to John A. Enault on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Kenneth R. Epich on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Riccardo G. Erbacci on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert E. Fischer on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Diego Flores on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Matthew A. Giliberto on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to James M. Glynn on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patrick F. Gordon on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard J. Grand on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Don D. Graziano on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Gregory G. Green on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Michael J. Groth on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Mark M. Halko on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Bernadett M. Heelan on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patrick F. Heenan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Kevin B. Hill on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Prentiss E. Jackson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Michael A. Jamison on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William N. Johnston on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas R. Jones on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas R. Jones on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Tyrone R. Jordan on retirement 
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Renee Gonzalez, Melyssa Millan, Cesar Valerio, Jesse Alvarez, Kashif Khan and Robert Amstadt for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Nicholas A. Kamenjarin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Christ J. Karedes on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Anthony F. Kaufmann on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Amy S. King on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Timothy A. Koren on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Torrance Lewis on retirement
Congratulations extended to Gordon F. Lohrman on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Timothy J. Maloney on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Julie A. Martin on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ronald Martin on retirement 
Tribute to late James C. Tyree
Tribute to late Police Officer Clifton Lewis
Gratitude extended to Firefighter Robert Popjoy for valiant rescue efforts 
Honorary street designation as "Edward G. Gardner Way"
Tribute to late Renee Bennett-Buben
Tribute to late Mario Silvestri
Tribute to late Lacy Fleming
Tribute to late Jean Allard 
Gratitude extended to Libary Commissioner Mary Dempsey for dedicated public service
Congratulations extended to St. Xavier Football Team and Head Coach Mike Feminis for winning 2011 NAIA National Football Championship
Tribute to late Mario Avignone 
Tribute to late Don Cornelius 
Tribute to late William "Bill" L. Staples
Congratulations extended to Elder Anthony Durham appointed executive leader of Holy Bethel Fire Baptized Holiness Church of God
Congratulations extended to Girl Scouts and declaration of March 12, 2012 as "Century of Girl Scouts Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Hattie Lee Cain-Fulton on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Greater Harvest MIssonary Baptist Church on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Cheryl Blackwell Bryson 
Tribute to late Mattie Duckworth Hinton 
Tribute to late Antoinette Patten 
Congratulations extended to Joseph Earl Powers on 105th birthday
Tribute to late Mary Boban 
Tribute to late Walter Kozinski
Tribute to late Robert Tuttle
Tribute to late Anthony Weir 
Tribute to late Mary Zic 
Gratitude extended to Marine Jaime Antonio Acosta for dedicated service to U.S.
Tribute to late Jean Allard 
Tribute to late Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua
Tribute to late Cheryl Blackwell Bryson 
Tribute to late Dr. Michael J. Campbell 
Tribute to late Don Cornelius 
Tribute to late Honorable Edward Derwinski
Tribute to late Nello Ferrara
Tribute to late Raymond F. LeFevour 
Tribute to late Honorable Donna Lee Phelps Felton 
Tribute to late Barbara McClurg Potter 
Tribute to late Honorable Oscar Luigi Scalfaro 
Tribute to late Honorable Hulett C. Smith 
Tribute to late Richard Threlkeld 
Tribute to late Honorable Kevin Hagen White 
Congratulations extended to Frank M. Clark on retirement  as chairman and chief executive officer of Commonwealth Edison
Gratitude extended to Commissioner Mary Dempsey on tenure with Chicago Public Library
Congratulations extended to John T. Hooker on retirement as executive vice president of Legislative and External Affairs for Commonwealth Edison
Congratulations extended to Imani Josey being crowned Miss Black
Illinois USA 2012
Congratulations extended to John Rowe on retirement as chairman and chief executive officer of Chicago's Exelon Corporation
Congratulations extended to George B. and Susan Waldman on 60th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Sir Peter Westmacott named British Ambassador to United States
Congratulations extended to Hibernian Society of Savannah, Georgia on 200th anniversary of St. Patrick's Day Parade
Tribute to late John Kupczyk
Tribute to late Robert J. McSweeney 
Best wishes extended to U.S. Senator Mark Kirk on speedy recovery following surgery
Tribute to late Sallie Lee Bates 
Congratulations extended to Olivia Neubauer on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to students of St. Rita High School on Illinois State Scholars for 2012-2013
Congratulations extended to St. Rita High School Stock Club on placing second in Chicago Fall 2011 Stock Market Game
Congratulations extended to Kyle Corbett, Michelle Limon, Timothy Meloy, Ashley Marie Rafalin, and William Russ as Dean's list recipients at Western Illinois University
Tribute to late James Gross 
Tribute to late Dan Burtin 
Tribute to late Lula Bell Eiland 
Congratulations extended to Patricia A. Murphy on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Allen Metropolitan Christian Methodist Episcopal Church on 40th anniversary
Tribute to late Catherine "Cathy" "Kosh" Danello 
Tribute to late Vito D. DeCarlo 
Tribute to late Eileen Mary Helfenbein
Tribute to late Alma Pizza 
Tribute to late Sister M. Agnessine Veteska C.S.S.F
Congratulations extended to Lin Brehmer on 20th anniversary at WXRT-FM
Congratulations extended to James Jarr on winning John Palmer Elementary School Science Fair and going on to represent Palmer Elementary School at the Area 1 Science Fair at Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Susan Lucas on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Sydney Olson on winning John Palmer Elementary School Science Fair and representing John Palmer
Elementary School at Area 1 Science Fair at Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Hailey Rovetuso on winning John Palmer Elementary School Science Fair and representing Palmer Elementary School at Area 1 Science Fair at Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Roy Schnoor on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Sara Seagren on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Christine Zaprzalka on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Charles "Henry" Widegren
Recognition extended to Louise Schaaf on longevity and long time residency in Chicago
Recognition extended to Anthony A. Kopera for contributions in field of community mental health
Tribute to late Sally A. Bianchi 
Tribute to late Linda V. Nash 
Tribute to late Thomas E. Nolan Sr. 
Honorary street designation as "James C. Tyree Way"
Gratitude extended to Detectives William Sullivan, Patrick Durkin and Michele Moore-Grose, Lieutenant George Devereus, Sergeant Ronald Kimble, Detective Alphonso Kennedy, Ofiicers Don Carson, Brian Reed, Derrick Harland and Charies Six for prompt action in solving crime
Congratulations extended to Harvard, Beidler and Cather Elementary Schools on receipt of Illinois Honor Roll High Achievement Award
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Martin Nolanfor heroic water rescue
Congratulations extended to Ann-Mari Nilsson on 85th anniversary of Erickson's Delicatessen
Recognition extended to Tim Mitchell for exemplary public service as Chicago Park District Superintendent
Tribute to late Marguriet Bobb
Tribute to late Loki Schmidt
Congratulations extended to George J. Letten on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to James R. Spratte on retirement from Chicago Police Department 
Tribute to late U.S Marine Corporal Conner Thomas Lowry
Honorary street designation as "St. Phillip Neri Church and School -1912 Centennial Committee-2012"
Honorary street designation as "Addie Brownlow Way"
Honorary street designation as "Rudy and Joyce Nimocks Way"
Honorary street designation as "Commander John Kupczyk Way"
Honorary street designation as "AMVETS Post 243"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Arnold Felske"
Honorary street designation as "Balm L. Leavell, Jr. and Joseph H. Jefferson Dr."
Recognition extended to Phil Jones for successful efforts to improve Haas Park and service to Logan Square community 
Tribute to late Phil Wherry 
Congratulations extended to Panozzo's Italian Market on 5th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Deacon Chairman Emeritus Wilbert Brunson for 50 years of dedicated service to Liberty Baptist Church of Chicago
Tribute to late James E. Shell 
Congratulations extended to Julia A. Lopez on retirement from Villa Guadalupe Senior Services
Gratitude extended to Illinois Latino Cultural Center for enrichment and dedication to Latino film industry
Tribute to late Angel Biggins 
Tribute to late Thomas C. Ferrarini
Tribute to late Gabino Gomez 
Tribute to late Kenneth R. Keating 
Tribute to late Ninfa N. Sarabia
Congratulations extended to Anthony Martone on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Harold T. Berc 
Tribute to late Sally Gordon 
Tribute to late Dr. Richard Houk 
Tribute to late Honorable George Raymond Hudson 
Tribute to late Jordon Kaiser 
Tribute to late Matt Lamb 
Tribute to late Conner Lowry 
Tribute to late John J. Madigan 
Tribute to late Charlie Manley 
Tribute to late Franklin McMahon 
Tribute to late Harry McPherson Jr. 
Tribute to late Britney Rachelle Meux 
Tribute to late Charles E. Mingo 
Tribute to late Officer Preston Ross Jr. 
Tribute to late Frank C. Sain 
Tribute to late Joanne S. Shea 
Tribute to late Marshall Suloway 
Tribute to late Honrable Susan Tutt-Parsons 
Tribute to late Honorable Donald Payne 
Tribute to late Jeffrey Zaslow 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Paul H. Knappenberger Jr. on retirement as president of the Adler Planetarium
Congratulations extended to Reverend John P. Smyth on Golden
Jubilee and declaration of June 9, 2012 to be "The Reverend John P. Smyth Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to St. Jerome Croatian Catholic Church on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Maria High School on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Joe Ferguson on retirement
Tribute to late Reverend John Francis McGrath 
Tribute to late Keisha Latrese Worthington-Martinez 
Gratitude extended to Karen Danczak Lyons for years of service to Chicago Public Library
Tribute to late Raus'L Lee "Rocky" Clark 
Tribute to late Mother Mary Stubbs
Tribute to late Otis Leavill-Cobb
Congratulations extended to Neuvo Leon Restaurant on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Ruby Greer on 105th birthday
Gratitude extended to Edward V. Lisowski for service in U.S. Navy
Tribute to late Edward Hatcher 
Congratulations extended to Luther Coleman on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Clara Laino on 100th birthday 
Tribute to late Officer Clifton Lewis 
Tribute to late Harry David "Deejay" Rodriguez
Congratulations extended to Claudia Mae Wilkerson on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Roger K. Anderson 
Tribute to late Raymond J. Carroll 
Tribute to late Stanley Kurek 
Congratulations extended to Harry Heftman on 103rd birthday
Congratulations extended to McGill Family on celebration of family reunion
Congratulations extended to Calumet District Sergeant Mike Saladino on assisting in fire rescue efforts
Congratulations extended to Mayfield Presbyterian Church on 90th anniversary
Tribute to late Charles Knight 
Tribute to late Susan Roman 
Congratulations extended to Joe Angelastri on grand re-opening of City Newsstand
Congratulations extended to Dr. Carol Lang on retirement from John T. McCutcheon Elementary School
Recognition extended to Richard D. "Rick" Barrett for outstanding career in law enforcement
Congratulations extended to Honorable Stephen C. Shannon on election as judge on Virginia 19th Circuit
Congratulations extended to Zygmunt Dyrkacz and Lela Headd on 20th anniversary of successful operation of Chopin Theatre
Tribute to late May Stoesser
Honorary street designation as "Honorable Chris Kotis Way"
Congratulations extended to National Museum of Mexican Art on 25th anniversary
Tribute to late Rosemary G. Flaherty 
Honorary street designation as "Zero & Ocean Shim"
Tribute to late Lacy J. Banks 
Congratulations extended to Nicholas J. Gromala and Joseph N. Mongardo Jr. for assisting Chicago Police Department in apprehending robbery suspect
Recognition extended to Anthony "Tony" Duffy as police beat facilitator
Congratulations extended to Father Scott Donahue on 30th anniversary in priesthood
Tribute to late Nicholas T. Valkan 
Tribute to late Frank Lee Baity 
Tribute to late John Anderson Jackson Sr. 
Tribute to late Robert Lewis Lucas 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. L. Bernard Jakes on 10th year pastoral anniversary and recognize April 29, 2012 as "The Reverend Dr. L Bernard Jakes 10th Year Pastoral Anniversary" 
Congratulations extended to Hales Franciscan High School on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Marvin A. Frazier 
Tribute to late Jacqueline Laverne Warmack 
Tribute to late Reverend Dr. Addie Wyatt 
Congratulations extended to SS. Peter and Paul Baseball Club on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Steve Batinich 
Tribute to late John M. Quinn Jr. 
Tribute to late Virginia Verschoren 
Congratulations extended to Richard E. Guerin on retirement from St. Bede the Venerable parochial school
Tribute to late Lee Balterman 
Tribute to late Alvin Boutte Sr. 
Tribute to late Frank M. Covey Jr. 
Tribute to late Howard M. Dean Jr. 
Tribute to late Honorable Abner S. Ganet 
Tribute to late David B. Heller 
Tribute to late Honorable William J. Hibbler 
Tribute to late Wayne Hoffman 
Tribute to late Honorable Miguel De La Madrid Hurtado 
Tribute to late Honorable Milton Jensen 
Tribute to late Melvin Johnson 
Tribute to late Dr. Emmet Larkin 
Tribute to late Sheila Leonard 
Tribute to late Norman Mark 
Tribute to late Willie E. May 
Tribute to late Odas Nicholson 
Tribute to late John E. O'Malley 
Tribute to late Reverend Kevin O'Rourke 
Tribute to late Ruth Cavelle Van Etten Osgood 
Tribute to late Thomas P. Puccio 
Tribute to late Ada Sharpton 
Tribute to late Pope Shenouda III 
Tribute to late Honorable Charles William Spencer 
Tribute to late Frank L. Strocchia 
Tribute to late King George Tupou V
Tribute to late Nicholas T. Valkan
Tribute to late Robert E. Vorel Sr. 
Tribute to late Mike Wallace 
Tribute to late Reverend Addie Wyatt 
Congratulations extended to Mary Ann Erickson on retirement from 100 Club of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Dr. David J. Hadley on retirement as Chairman of the Department of Political Science at Wabash College
Congratulations extended to Don Hayner on retirement as Editor-in-Chief from Chicago Sun-Times
Congratulations extended to Sheila O'Grady on accomplishments as president of Illinois Restaurant Association
Congratulations extended to Sam Toia on being named Acting President of Illinois Restaurant Association
Tribute to late Veronica Marie Daley 
Tribute to late Ruth Patricia Lawery Pettus Mims
Congratulations extended to Liberty Temple Full Gospel Church and World Ministries on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Kraft Foods on 100th anniversary of Oreo cookies
Congratulations extended to Reverend L. Scott Donahue on 30th anniversary in priesthood
Congratulations extended to Timothy John Hickey on retirement from Chicago Public Library
Tribute to late Elizabeth Jackson 
Tribute to late Randy Moore 
Tribute to late Annie B. Ross
Congratulations extended to Bob and Patricia Soltis on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Jane de Chantal Academy's boys 8th grade basketball team on winning Hale Park League Championship
Tribute to late Sarah Louise Reddick 
Congratulations extended to Apostle Dr. Yvonne Lee-Wilson on 30 anniversary in ministry
Congratulations extended to Dunne Technology Academy cheerleaders 
Congratulations extended to Logan Square Neighborhood Association on 50th anniversary 
Tribute to late Ingrid E. Bergstrom 
Tribute to late Munshi Chacha 
Tribute to late Frank Erde 
Tribute to late James T. Kendrigan 
Tribute to late Madeline F. Roche 
Tribute to late Roger Neil Tyre
Tribute to late David Wasserman 
Congratulations extended to Catherine and Alexandra Costello on 5th anniversary of Bloom-n-Toss
Congratulations extended to Geraldine Lawhorn on being named 2012 Richard J. Daley Citizen of the Year
Congratulations extended to Jacqueline Pasalo and Ray De La Cruz on birth of son Ethan Christopher De La Cruz
Congratulations extended to Junior League of Chicago on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Park West Cooperative Nursery School on 40th anniversary
Tribute to late Caroline M. Dombrowski
Tribute to late Fredrick C. Schmitz 
Tribute to late Sharon Linick Shepard 
Tribute to late Dorothy B. Wallin 
Congratulations extended to Ruth Pease Adler on 107th birthday
Congratulations extended to Charles and Antoinette Gricius on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Gertrude Catholic Parish on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Reverend Addie Wyatt 
Congratulations extended to St. Jerome Croatian Parish on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Frank D. Lucchesi 
Tribute to late Marine Corporal Alex Martinez 
Tribute to late Claude Jones 
Tribute to late Ernest Lynwood McCullough Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Father Michael Goergen on 50th anniversary in priesthood 
Tribute to late Albert Karl Kaechele 
Congratulations extended to Stephanie M. DiPrima on retirement from Queen of All Saints School
Congratulations extended to Local Girls Scouts Service Unit 295 and Lisa Lovoelo and Danise Schukies on 100th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Andrew Smialek Way"
Honorary street designation as "Sara Bush Way"
Tribute to late Garrett FitzGerald
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Genaro Howard on retirement 
Honorary street designation as "Honorable Claudia and Bryan Delia Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ed and Betty Gardner Street" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Senn Centennial 2013 Way"
Honorary street designation as "Eric Brian Angus Way" and "Richard J Jendra, Sr.  Way
Tribute to late Rexie Wells, Jr.
Tribute to late Raymond Aubrac
Tribute to late Dick Clark 
Tribute to late Honorable Michael B. Kwasman 
Tribute to late Thomas J. McCracken Sr. 
Tribute to late Auxiliary Bishop Agustin Roman 
Tribute to late Elan Steinberg 
Tribute to late Robert Wiedrich 
Congratulations extended to Mary Schmich awarded 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Commentary
Congratulations extended to Bethany Union Community Church on 140th anniversary
Tribute to late Robert E. Beavers
Tribute to late Sam Pusateri 
Honorary street designation as "George Pazzelli Way" 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Edward Pakula for courageous actions
Honorary street designation as "Officer Nathaniel Taylor Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Vivian Jones Way"
Honorary street designation as "Stanley T. 'Sta's' Kustra Way"
Honorary street designation as "Henry English Way"
Honorary street designation as "Studs Terkel Bridge"
Honorary street designation as "John Thomas Phillips Way"
Honorary street designation as "Sammie Sutton"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Max D. Newsome Way"
Congratulations extended to Fiesta del Sol and Pilsen Neighborhood Community Council on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Bruss Company, The on 75th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Ariel Aguilera on performing volunteer civic work
Congratulations extended to Stella Foster on Joint Civic Committee of Italian Americans Dante Award
Tribute to late Elizabeth Peterd Standfield
Honorary street designation as "Ed and Betty Gardner Street" 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Sandra F. Lewis on retirement from Harold Washington School
Tribute to late Leatha W. Franklin 
Tribute to late Ollye Worthington 
Gratitude extended to Friends of the Chicago River for continued improvement of Chicago River system
Tribute to late Jean Kirincic 
Tribute to late Louis le Brocquy 
Tribute to late William Lavicka 
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Mitchler 
Tribute to late Dr. Ben Zion Netanyahu 
Tribute to late Timothy J. O'Shaughnessy 
Tribute to late Honorable Paul Sandoval 
Tribute to late William "Moose" Skowron
Tribute to late Frank Strocchia 
Tribute to late LeRoy Walker 
Congratulations extended to Barbara Bowman on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Joseph Hernandez on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Center on Halsted on 5th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Chicago's Puerto Rican Parade on 47th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Reverend Thomas R. McCarthy on induction into St. Rita 1983 Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to St. Rita Mustangs Hockey Team on Kennedy Cup Championship
Congratulations extended to Ashley Hooks on selection as Miss Illinois USA 2012
Congratulations extended to Father Thomas Bernas on retirement
Congratulations extended to Gene Burke on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Colette Unger-Teasley on retirement from Chicago Board of Education
Congratulations extended to David Leroy Jackson on perfect attendance at Oscar F.  Mayer Elementary School
Posthumous gratitude extended to Carlos "Caribe" Ruiz for dedication and service to Puerto Rican community
Congratulations extended to George Pazzelli 
Congratulations extended to Notre Dame High Schools For Girls on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to David Leroy Jackson on perfect attendance at Oscar F. Mayer Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Dr. Eunice Madon on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Tribute to late John Phillips 
Tribute to late Jeanette Marie Bialek 
Tribute to late Helen B. Cosgrove 
Tribute to late Nancy A. DiLeo 
Tribute to late James F. Enright Sr. 
Tribute to late Bernie Landis 
Tribute to late Anthony P. Ortolano 
Congratulations extended to Jospeh Hernandez on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to William "Bill" Gainer on honor given by Irish-American Labor Council
Congratulations extended to Chicago Pizza and Oven Grinder Company on 2012 Hospitality Business of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Lakeshore Sport and Fitness as Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce's 2012 Personal or Professional Service Provider of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Steppenwolf Theatre Company on 2012 Excellence in Arts & Culture Award
Congratulations extended to The Container Store on reiept of 2012 Retailer of Year Award
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Sandra F. Lewis Street" 
Honorary street designation as "Stephen Bogusiewicz Way" 
Commendations extended to City departments in connection with NATO Summit in Chicago (25th Annual)
Congratulations extended to recipients of Golden Apple Award (2012)
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Arthur Tarvardian Way"
Honorary street designation as "Sammie Sutton"
Congratulations extended to Village of Lakewood Club on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Paul Westley Davis 
Tribute to late Iola McGowan 
Congratulations extended to Karina Zabicki DeHayes on being named president of Women's Bar Association of Illinois
Congratulations extended to Second Presbyterian Church of Chicago on 170th birthday 
Recognition extended to Chatham Park Village Cooperative charter members Blanche Reed, Claire Addams, Cleopatra Heams, June
Crittendon, Raymond Bowers, Walter Williams, Barbara Wadlington, Clarence Gordon, Corenelia Parks, Mattie Wilson and Wilbert Tatum, Sr. on 50 years of commitment to Chatham Park
Tribute to late Thomas Jefferson 
Congratulations extended to Patricia Zepeda on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Tribute to late Ann S. Koprcina 
Tribute to late Henry I, Nowak 
Tribute to late Dennis A. Schiavo 
Tribute to late Richard C. Steinhauer 
Tribute to late Eddie Blazonczyk
Tribute to late Honorable Florence Hagenah Boone
Tribute to late Bob Boozer 
Tribute to late Sister Irenaeus Chekouras
Tribute to late Metropolitan Constantine
Tribute to late Anthony Cutrano 
Tribute to late Paul Westley Davis 
Tribute to late Dennis Fitch 
Tribute to late Charles C. Haffner 
Tribute to late Brother Philip Kennedy 
Tribute to late Iola McGowan 
Tribute to late Gerald T. Murray
Tribute to late Reverend Jospeh W. Seitz 
Tribute to late Donna Summer 
Tribute to late Reverend Monsignor Ignatius Urbonas 
Tribute to late Samuel Watts 
Congratulations extended to Gene Burke on retirement from Chicago Public Library
Congratulations extended to Michael Cummings on 70th birthday
Congratulations extended to Reverend Daniel Mallette on retirement from Archdiocese of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Brian Murphy on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Honorable Susan Sonderby on retirement from U.S. Bankruptcy Court for Northern District of Illinois
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Wilson being named 2012 recipient of Civic Federation's Lyman J. Gage Award for Civic Contribution by an Individual
Congratulations extended to National Latino Education Institute on 40th anniversary
Tribute to late Ronnie Head 
Congratulations extended to Ella Howard on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Reverend Bernard C. Scianna on induction into St. Rita 1983 Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to CICS Wrightwood Campus on 4 year anniversary of 8th grade graduation
Congratulations extended to Hales Franciscan High School on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Wallace and Amanda Scaife on celebration of 32nd Family reunion
Congratulations extended to Trinity All Nations Church on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Nicole Marie Durkin on Golden 18th birthday
Congratulations extended to Kevin Gename on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Irene Vicich on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Richard Zilka on retirement as president of Clearing Civic League
Tribute to late David Johnson 
Tribute to late Iola McGowan 
Tribute to late Stephen M. Bogusiewicz 
Congratulations extended to Father Eugene Gratkowski on retirement as pastor and appointment as pastor emeritus
Recognition extended to Sergeant Eric Olson, Officer Aaron Daly,
Officer Martin Brennan, Officer Christopher Malenock, Officer Christopher Sommers and Officer Thomas McMillion for terminating criminal activity endangering school-aged children and imperiling community
Congratulations extended to Herman Escobar on retirement as principal of William Penn Nixon Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Kenneth Trempe on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Edward Pugh on 35th birthday and declaration of June 5, 2012 to be "Edward Pugh Day" throughout Chicago
Congratulations extended to Junior League of Chicago on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Cecilia McCriston 
Tribute to late Mary L. McCoy 
Recognition extended to Dr. Raul Luna on 28th anniversary with Chicago Public Schools
Tribute to late James Asnis 
Tribute to late Mary Ann Breidenbach 
Tribute to late Iola McGowan 
Tribute to late Joan Crosbie Planek 
Tribute to late Sister Mary Peter Podobinski 
Congratulations extended to Mark Balich on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Sean Casey on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Tommy De La Cruz on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Murrell J. Higgins on retirement from Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Anthony "Tony" Watrobinski on induction into 2012 Chicago Senior Citizen Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to Alvin N. Solomon on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Ernestine (Ernie) Alfonsetti on retirement from Lakeview East Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations extended to ChicagoPride.Com on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Cornelius School on winning Dream Machine Recycle Rally
Tribute to late James Asnis 
Gratitude extended to Carol Anderson for life-long commitment to Edgewater neighborhood
Congratulations extended to Moisey and Sima Sherman 100th birthdays
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Reverend Dr. Howard Randolph Way" 
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Jaysen J. Orkowski and  Andres A. Zepeda for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Firefighter/Paramedic Enrique Carrillo, Ambulance Commander Jill Gariti and Fire Paramedic Kevin Farrow for outstanding rescue of fallen colleague
Congratulations extended to 2011-2012 Junior ROTC cadets 
Honorary street designation as "Father Bruce Wellems Way"
Honorary street designation as "Anthony A. Kopera Way"
Honorary street designation as "Father Paul Cullen Way"
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Hilliard C. Hudson Way"
Honorary street designation as "Disability Pride Parade Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mrs. Lucille Brickhouse Avenue"
Honorary street designation as "Earle Johnson Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Frank Ward, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Hiram Broyls Way"
Recognition extended to participants and volunteers in Ride for AIDS Chicago 2012
Tribute to late Philip Corboy 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Monsignor Patrick J. Pollard on 40 years in priesthood
Congratulations extended to Rosemary Anderson, Tommiezene Miller,
Silena Outten, Kathleen Penson, and Carol Zigulich on retirement from Thomas A. Hendricks Academy 
Congratulations extended to Liz Millan on retirement from Chicago Park District
Congratulations extended to Testa Produce on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Gloria Christensen 
Tribute to late Edward J. Kolasa
Tribute to late Honorable Martin C. Ashman 
Tribute to late Thomas J. Boyle, Jr. 
Tribute to late Jeanne Bradner
Tribute to late Patricia Suillivan Condon 
Tribute to late LeRoy Neiman
Tribute to late Reverend Ruth Elaine VanDemark 
Tribute to late Dr. George D. Wilbanks 
Tribute to late Joseph Young, Jr. 
Congratulations extended to Conor Dwyer on qualifying for 2012 Summer Olympics
Gratitude extended to Orli Gil for tireless service as Consul General of Israel to Midwest
Congratulations extended to Salaam Restaurant on reopening
Congratulations extended to Richard Emmett Guerin on retirement from Archdiocese of Chicago
Tribute to late Evangelist Mary L. Thompson 
Tribute to late Reverend Sterling Edwards 
Congratulations extended to Gentry High School 49th year class reunion
Congratulations extended to Kenneth Trempe on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Northwest (Copernicus) Regional Center on 35th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Local Economic and Employment Development Council on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Jay Lin Lamont Johnson 
Congratulations extended to Phillip-Solomon Family on celebration of 17th annual family reunion
Recognition extended to Dr. Raul Luna on 28th anniversary with Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Emma Magrady on 12-year record of perfect school attendance
Tribute to late Rose Colantonio 
Tribute to late Rose Laketa 
Tribute to late Mary C. McKemin 
Tribute to late Elfriede Pergams 
Tribute to late Pinhas "Pinky" Zaid 
Congratulations extended to Bill Eyring and declaration of June 28, 2012 as "Bill Eyring Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Robert "Bobby" Richardson on retirement from City of Chicago's Department of Streets & Sanitation
Honorary street designation as "Charlie Trotter Way"
Tribute to Mary L. McCoy
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Alejandro R. Acevedo and Charlotte G. Gonzalez for brave actions
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Kenneth Bruno on lifesaving rescue
Posthumous congratulations extended to Ron Santo on induction into National Baseball Hall of Fame 2012
Congratulations extended to Barbara Bracken on being named 2015 Senior Citizen of the Year
Congratulations extended to St. Barbara Elementary School on winning "It's Game Show Night" competition
Congratulations extended to participants of 2015 ComEd Icebox Derby for increasing opportunities for young women
Congratulations extended to EvAngel Mamadeelove YHWHnewBn on 65 years of activism and declaration of December 18, 2015, as "Divinity Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Darlene Barksdale on retirement as crossing guard from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Arletha Barnes on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kevin Glover on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Field Training Officer Phillip Washington on retirement
Tribute to late George Black
Congratulations extended to Collin O'Sullivan on winning Outstanding Delegate award at Model United Nations Contest
Tribute to late Peter Domaradzki
Honorary street designation as "Robert M. Loncar Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Dr. Richard G. Smith Way"
Honorary street designation as "Charlie Trotter Way" - Amendment
Honorary street designation as "Edna Stewart Way"
Honorary street designation as "Elaine Marie Drake Lane"
Honorary street designation as "Ed and Betty Gardner Street" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Senator Howard B Brookins, Sr."
Honorary street designation as "Father Daniel Mallette"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Reverend Dr. Howard Randolph Way"
Tribute to late Honorable Howard Coble
Tribute to late Honorable Richard L. Curry
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas R. Fitzgerald
Tribute to late Thomas Van Dyke King
Tribute to late Eddie Lee McCann, Sr.
Tribute to late Honorable Jerry Greer
Tribute to late Jose Ramirez
Tribute to late Honorable Gus Savage
Gratitude extended to Dr. George Brent for military service
Gratitude extended to Anthony Gargano for military service
Congratulations extended to Rosemary Krimbel on retirement as Special Deputy for Regulatory Reform
Recognition extended to Hannah Messinger, concentration camp survivor
Gratitude extended to Harry Nichols for military service
Recognition extended to Margie Oppenheimer, Holocaust survivor
Gratitude extended to Lewis Pazoles for military service
Congratulations extended to Roy Herald on 90th birthday
Recognition extended to Charlene C. Brandt for volunteer service on behalf of 2nd Ward residents
Recognition extended to Etta Moore for contributions to Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Hartzell Memorial United Methodist Church on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Chatham Park Village Cooperative on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Donald Ellens 
Tribute to late Aletha McGee 
Tribute to late Princess Eleanor Fleming 
Tribute to late Reverend Father Paul Cullen
Tribute to late Robert M. Loncar 
Congratulations extended to John and Diana Kroulaidis on 50th wedding anniversary
Tribute to late Veronica C. Baio 
Tribute to late Barbara Higgins 
Tribute to late Ronald W. Horky 
Tribute to late James M. Killeen 
Tribute to late Veronica C. Baio 
Tribute to late Dr. Weldon Beverly, Jr. 
Tribute to late Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv 
Tribute to late Reverend Eugene J. Faucher 
Tribute to late Sheldon Hoffenberg 
Tribute to late Dr. Joseph B. Kirsner 
Tribute to late Joan Kosinski
Tribute to late John Larimer 
Tribute to late Robert Hail McCormick VI 
Tribute to late Paul McGrath 
Tribute to late Sally Ride 
Tribute to late Cardinal Eugenio de Araujo Sales 
Tribute to late Thomas Edward Sales 
Tribute to late Michael P. Schostok 
Tribute to late Honorable Yitzhak Shamir 
Tribute to late James Wilson 
Congratulations extended to Chief Master Sergeant John L. Andrews on retirement from U.S. Air Force 
Congratulations extended to Myles Berman managing partner of Foley & Lardner, LLP
Congratulations extended to Stella Foster on retirement from Chicago Sun-Times
Congratulations extended to Father Daniel Lenihan on 105th brthday and declaration of July 28, 2012 as "Father Daniel
Lenihan Day"
Congratulations extended to Abdon Pallasch on retirement from Chicago Sun-Times
Congratulations extended to John "Jack" Parker on 93rd birthday
Condolences extended to familes of victims of mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado 
Congratulations extended to Haymarket Group on 25th anniversary and declaration of August 28, 2012 as "Haymarket Group 25th Anniversary Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Violet "Mimi" Fox on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Carol Roza on retirement from Chicago Public Library
Congratulations extended to Boykin Stewart on retirement from U.S.  Postal Service
Recognition extended to Beverly Breast Cancer Walk founders and volunteers
Tribute to late Verna Julia Bowen 
Tribute to late Michael J. Burkes 
Tribute to late Lettie B. Butler 
Tribute to late Iris Anne Gueringer 
Tribute to late August Glen Jackson 
Tribute to late Thomas Edward Sales 
Congratulations extended to Samuel L. Allen on 80th birthday
Tribute to late Gwendolyn Hayes 
Tribute to late James Earl Rencher 
Congratulations extended to LEED Council on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Harold L. Brandon 
Tribute to late Lamont Pierre Coleman, Jr. 
Congratulations extended to George Childs Spencer on 95th birthday
Congratulations extended to 2012 BNA Training Program graduates 
Tribute to late Josephine Holloway 
Tribute to late Emma J. Benincasa 
Tribute to late Barbara F. Carini 
Tribute to late David L. Hedberg 
Tribute to late Sister Mary Jospeh Kroll C.S.S.F 
Tribute to late Walter Langowski
Tribute to late John Patrick McGill 
Tribute to late Elmer E. Mied 
Tribute to late Robert I. Van Pelt 
Tribute to late Betty A. Vitt 
Congratulations extended to Susan Moy on retirement from Chicago Board of Education
Congratulations extended to Liam Hanninen on publishing poetry anthology
Congratulations extended to Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Conquerors Swim Team for outstanding performance at 2012 Special Olympics Summer Games
Congratulations extended to  Hoyne Savings Bank on 125th anniversary
Recognition extended to John and James Alder for service in U.S. Navy
Honorary street designation as "Bishop Virgil Jones Way"
Grattitude extended to Mayor McArthur Straughter of Yazoo City, Mississippi for outstanding leadership and public service
Tribute to late Delfino Mora
Congratulations extended to Chef Charlie Trotter for 25 years of gustatory innovation and exceptional cuisine
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Donald Liu"
Tribute to late Dr. Donald Liu
Congratulations extended to Firefighter Steve O'Malley for dedicated public service
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Donald Liu"
Honorary street designation as "Corporal. Conner Lowry Way"
Honorary street designation as "Pastor O'Donnell Drive"
Honorary street designation as "George Kyros Way"
Honorary street designation as "Father Daniel Mallette Way"
Honorary street designation as "Senator Howard B. Brookins, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ronald J. Seehoffer Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Gus Kabrales Way"
Honorary street designation as "Vicente Fernandez Way"
Tribute to late Earle Lavon "Von" Freeman 
Recognition extended to Richard H. Driehaus for generous lifetime support to DePaul University
Congratulations extended to Gregg A. Garofalo on inauguration as 2012-2013 president of Justinian Society of Lawyers  
Congratulations extended to John McCarter Jr. on retirement as chief executive officer and president of Stanley Field Museum
Congratulations extended to Glessner House on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Hawkeye Bar and Grill on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Italian American Chamber of Commerce on 105th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Mercy Home for Boys and Girls on 125th anniversary 
Gratitude extended to Rush University Medical Center's medical personnel for time, knowledge and talents to 2nd Ward Back to School Health Fair
Congratulations extended to Pastor Darrell Lamar Jackson on dedicated service and on 35th wedding anniversary to Michele Bullock 
Gratitude extended to Charter Members of Chatham Park Village Cooperative for 50 years of growth and stability
Tribute to late Catherine Colvin 
Tribute to late Elbert Lee Browley 
Tribute to late Lillie Johnson 
Tribute to late Reverend Ezell Rodgers 
Tribute to late Ronnie L. Shelton 
Tribute to late Otha Jack Thomas 
Tribute to late Dorothy M. Argabright 
Tribute to late Mary Carnevale 
Tribute to late Linda L. Carrig 
Tribute to late Richard S. Marek 
Tribute to late Walter J. Perepechko
Tribute to late Edwin C. Pulchinski
Tribute to late Neil Armstrong 
Tribute to late Deanna Brody 
Tribute to late James L. Coghlan 
Tribute to late Thomas Cunningham 
Tribute to late Honorable Thomas E. Gavin, Jr. 
Tribute to late Giovinella Gonthier 
Tribute to late Ben W. Heineman 
Tribute to late Ora A. Higgins 
Tribute to late Dr. Donald Liu 
Tribute to late Reverend Edward J. Maxa 
Tribute to late Honorable Jeremiah D. McAuliffe 
Tribute to late Steven McGovern 
Tribute to late Reverend Patrick J. McPolin 
Tribute to late Honorable John Atta Mills 
Tribute to late Ray Soden 
Tribute to late Admiral James D. Watkins 
Tribute to late Dr. James W. West 
Congratulations extended to Laurel Bellows 136th president of  American Bar Association
Congratulations extended to Susan L. Conley on retirement from Chicago City Council Committee on Finance
Congratulations extended to Dr. Robert A. Easter being named 19th president of University of Illinois
Congratulations extended to Jill Landsberg on 70th birthday
Gratitude extended to Chicago Fire Department Lieutenant Steve O'Malley for heroic lifesaving actions
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Ed Pakula for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Ann Pronites on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Patricia Ziegenhorn on 85th birthday
Congratulations extended to Loop Capital on 15th anniversary
Recognition extended to Midsommer Flight theater troupe for efforts to provide rducationl theater to underserved communities
Congratulations extended to Chicagoans of Mexican descent on 202nd anniversary of Mexican independence
Tribute to late Juliette M. Heard 
Tribute to late Marquetta Rochelle McGee 
Tribute to late Bobby Weir 
Tribute to late Ja'Nae Alicia Woodard 
Congratulations extended to Timothy Conway on retirement from City of
Chicago Department of Streets and Sanitation
Congratulations extended to Michael A. Flynn on retirement as chief executive officer of Smith Village Senior Living
Congratulations extended to Leonard Jones on retirement from ACH Foods
Tribute to late Horatio "Ray" Oronzo 
Congratulations extended to Frank Richard O'Bryan on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late La Goldie Jacobs 
Tribute to late Mahaley Somerville 
Tribute to late Evelyn Violet Vera Roebuck 
Tribute to late Eddie L. Lewis 
Tribute to late Thomas Chan 
Tribute to late Anna Born 
Tribute to late Adele Martha Heuser 
Tribute to late Martha Kief 
Tribute to late Patrick "Pat" Michael Krolak 
Tribute to late Yung Sook Lee 
Tribute to late Eugene J. Litberg 
Tribute to late Sandra Lee O'Neill 
Tribute to late Eleanor A. Rapp 
Tribute to late Bruno Rosellini 
Tribute to late Reverend Jo Leonard Yost 
Congratulations extended to Rose Alkire on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Monastero's Ristorante on 50th anniversary
Recognition extended to Kauzu Incorporated for exemplary employment technology resources 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edward "Eddie" Dolan, Jr. on retirement 
Gratitude extended to Dr. Richard G. Smith for 19 years of service to students of Stock School
Congratulations extended to Jackie Michelle Zerbe Kitowski on 50th birthday
Tribute to late Pamela Ann Baker
Congratulations extended to Kerry Wood on retirement from baseball and declaration of  September 23, 2012 as "Kerry Wood
Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to BBJ Linens' owners Bonnie Dannen, Bill Pry, Judy Goldberg and Doron Levy for service to Chicago residents 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Gay Men's Chorus on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Chicago Society, PNA on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Ravenswood United Church of Christ on 125th anniversary
Tribute to late Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi 
Congratulations extended to Dr. Mary Fabri for 25 years of distinguished service and declaration of October 18, 2012 "Dr. Mary Fabri Day" in Chicago 
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Phyllis D. Smith Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mary Helen Davis Way"
Honorary street designation as "Frank Earullo, Jr. Place" - repeal 
Honorary street designation as "Kyiv-Chicago Sister Cities"
Honorary street designation as "Dominic DiFrisco Way"
Honorary street designation as "Kyiv-Chicago Sister Cities"
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Elizabeth A. Joyce, Marine Officer Edmund A. Echevarria, Lieutenant Robert H. Stasch and Sergeant William B. Neja for valor, loyalty and dedication to residents of Chicago
Gratitude extended to Firefighter/EMT Ed Johnson for heroic lifesaving actions
Tribute to late Donna A. Van Pelt
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Timuel D. Black Way"
Recognition extended to Dorethea Liggins for contributions to community
Congratulations extended to Mercy Home for Boys and Girls on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Silver Lining Foundation on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Dr. Timuel D. Black for service to City of Chicago
Gratitude extended to Charter Members of Chatam Park Village Cooperative for 50 years of growth and stability
Tribute to late Lois A. Green 
Tribute to late Julia Diana Jackson 
Tribute to late Ray McGill 
Recognition extended to Christina Loukas on Olympanic achievements
Recognition extended to Dr. Romeo Raul Rodriguez and Escuela Superior Politecnica De Chimborazo for contributions to nation of Ecuador
Recognition extended to Dr Rowinson F. Naranjo Jacome and Escuela Superior Politecnica De Chimborazo for contributions to welfare and education of citizens of Ecuador
Recognition extended to Dr Manuel Ramiro Munoz Ojeda and Centro De Estudios Interculturales of the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana Seccional Cali on  contributions to welfare and education of citizens of Columbia
Recognition extended to Fellows of Intercultural Studies Center for  contributions to nation of Columbia
Recognition extended to Pontificia Universidad Javeriana Seccional Cali for contributions to nation of Columbia
Tribute to late Judy A. Bramwell
Tribute to late Anita Garcia 
Tribute to late Michael J. Jaroch 
Tribute to late Florence C. Stanger 
Congratulations extended to Frank James Sautkus on 75th birthday
Tribute to late Dorothy Fuller 
Tribute to late Honorable George Esch 
Tribute to late Honorable Sheldon C. Garber 
Tribute to late Donald Moore 
Tribute to late Mary Catherine Taylor 
Tribute to late Barbara J. Terzich 
Tribute to late Russell Train 
Tribute to late Harold Schiff 
Congratulations extended to Mercy Home for Boys and Girls on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Rhine Post Veterans of Foreign Wars of United States No. 2729 on 80th anniversary
Tribute to late Claude Jones 
Tribute to late Barbara McCalleb
Gratitude extended to Ginger V. Bryant for service to Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Rafael Nunez-Cedeno for contributions to Dominican community
Congratulations extended to Pedro DeJesus, Jr. for dedicated public service
Gratitude extended to Bogdan Dola on dedicated service to Polish-American community
Gratitude extended to Daniel Pogorzelski for promotion of Chicago to  Polish community


Gratitude extended to Agnes Ptasznik for dedicated service to Polish community
Gratitude extended to Malgorzata Ptaszynska on dedicated public serivce to Polish community
Tribute to late Tom Z. Startek 
Congratulations extended to National Confernce of Puerto Rican Women on 40 years of dedicated service
Congratulations extended to Italian Catholic Federation Chapter 439 on one year anniversary
Congratulations extended to Corliss Garrett on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Apostle Yvonne Lee-Wilson and The Real Women of God Fellowship on 16th annual conference and 26th year of fellowship
Congratulations extended to Galewood Community United Church of Christ on 100th anniversary 
Tribute to late Herman R. Boyd 
Tribute to late Mary E. Giorno 
Tribute to late Frank J. "Milkman" McMahon 
Tribute to late Mary P. Murphy 
Tribute to late Joseph Mooshil 
Tribute to late Nydia E. "Miggie" Reyes 
Tribute to late Mary Frances Wotowic 
Congratulations extended to Theodore Roosevelt High School Class of 1962 on 50th reunion
Congratulations extended to Ralph Weber on retirement from Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Congratulations extended to Italian Village on 85th anniversary
Recognition of Dominic Difrisco for community service and honorary street designation of portion of N Astor St as "Dominic DiFrisco Way"
Congratulations extended to Hermon Baptist Church Senior Choir on 125th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Wrightwood Neighbors Association for 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Alderman Michael D. Chandler for dedicated service to residents of 24th Ward
Honorary street designation as "Bassam 'Ollie' Naoum Way"
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Mary E. Sherrod on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Alderman Robert W. Fioretti for dedicated service to residents of 2nd Ward
Honorary street designation as "Frank Earullo, Jr. Place" - repeal 
Congratulations extended to Alderman Natashia Holmes for dedicated service to residents of 7th Ward
Congratulations extended to Alderman Lona Lane for dedicated service to residents of 18th Ward
Honorary street designation as "George T. Kyros Way"
Honorary street designation as "Vicente Fernandez Avenue" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Dan O'Brien Way"
Congratulations extended to Alderman Latasha R. Thomas for dedicated service to residents of 17th Ward
Congratulations extended to Pastor William R. Lott, Sr. on 36th pastoral anniversary
Tribute to late Dolores M. Morgan 
Tribute to late Aleksander Orlowski 
Tribute to late Robert J. Sawicki 
Tribute to late Honorable John J. Bowman 
Tribute to late Cathy Curran 
Tribute to late Antoni Dobrowolski 
Tribute to late Honorable John Durkin 
Tribute to late Honorable Betty Binns Fletcher 
Tribute to late Clifford Johnson 
Tribute to late Barbara Ann Scott KIng 
Tribute to late Honorable George McGovern 
Tribute to late Honorable Ken J. McNatt 
Tribute to late Russell Means 
Tribute to late Honorable Michael James Murphy 
Tribute to late Dr. Joseph Lee Parker Jr. 
Tribute to late Sidney Robbins 
Tribute to late Jerome Sachs 
Tribute to late Honorable Arlen Specter 
Tribute to late Arthur O. Sulzberger 
Congratulations extended to John W. Wilhelm on retirement as president of UNITE HERE and declaration of November 29, 2012 as "John W. Wilhelm Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to W. "Bill" Williams Jr. on retirement from Choose Chicago and declaration of October 31, 2012 as "W. "Bill" Williams Jr. Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Robert J. Vega named People magazine's Teachers of the Year for 2012
Congratulations extended to Motherway & Napleton LLP on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Charles Banks on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Angela Harris on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Stephon McMahon on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Walter Parks on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer James Ready on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Shirley Underwood on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Beth Shalom B'Naizaken Ethiopian Hebrew Congregation on 94th anniversary
Tribute to late Beatrice Smith 
Congratulations extended to participants in World Sports Chicago summer track and field program (2012)
Tribute to late Shirley L. Williams 
Congratulations extended to Rogelio "Roy" Rivas on achievements
Congratulations extended to South Side Help Center's Lights on Afterschool Nationwide Celebration (13th Annual)
Tribute to late Mary T. Bolster 
Tribute to late Caryn B. Brown 
Tribute to late Fire Department Lieutenant Thomas D. Flahive 
Tribute to late Justice Michael James Murphy 
Tribute to late William "Chris" Pettry 
Tribute to late Jeanne M. Wonders 
Congratulations extended to Ned Nathan Lufrano on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to National Veterans Art Museum on relocation and establishment on Northwest Side of Chicago
Gratitude extended to Jeffrey Filley, Elizabeth Martin and Behr Processing Corporation for outstanding service to Gateway to Learning Special Education and Training Center 
Congratulations extended to Ann Hinterman and Rob Klegon on 6th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to I-Go Car Sharing on 10th anniversary
Recognition extended to Rabbi Yaacov Dvorin and Robin Dvorin for contributions to Chicago area Jewish community
Tribute to late Gene R. Saffold 
Tribute to late Gene Renauld Saffold 
Tribute to late Scott V. Bruner 
Congratulations extended to Ferdinand P. Serpe as honoree at 2012 Italian-American Heritage Month Celebration 
Recognition extended to Chicago Service Club on fundaising efforts for needy organizations
Recognition extended to Kohl's Cares Foundation, Lurie Children's Hospital and Claremont Park Advisory Council for volunteer assistance with Claremont Park children's playground project
Congratulations extended to International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees Local 3 on 125th anniversary
Tribute to late Bobbie Johnson 
Tribute to late Stephanie Diane Johnson 
Tribute to late Ne'Vennie Louise Madison 
Tribute to late Rennie Simmons 
Congratulations extended to Alice Mallo on retirement from City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Our Lady of Good Counsel Seniors Club on 40th anniversary
Recognition extended to U.S. Vietnam War veterans for service to country
Honorary street designation as "Bishop George Walker Way"
Tribute to late Letitia Baldrige
Tribute to late Merrilee Patterson 
Tribute to late Joseph Rein 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Thomas Buehler on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Cashman as chairman of 100 Club of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Eugene Golub on receipt of 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award from Urban Land Institute of Chicago

Congratulations extended to Police Captain Robert R. Johnson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Honorable Eugene "Gene" Moore on retirement as Cook County Recorder of Deeds
Congratulations extended to Reverend Thomas Mulcrone on 25th anniversary as Chicago Fire Department chaplin
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant James "Bumper" O'Connell on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant Dominic Rizzi on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Officer David Robinson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Metro History Education Center on 35th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Newberry Library on 125th anniversary
Tribute to late Claude Jones 
Tribute to late Barbara McCalleb 
Tribute to late Byung Jang 
Gratitude extended to Jacob Krueger for service in U.S.military
Gratitude extended to John Podczaski for service in U.S. military
Gratitude extended to members of Chicago Police Department 17th District for service, heroism and sacrifice

Congratulations extended to Bud Bertog for 60 years of dedication to Loyola University 
Gratitude extended to Jonny Imerman and Imerman Angels for support to cancer fighters, survivors and caregivers
Tribute to late Serella Kaufman 
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Timuel Black Street"
Congraulations extended to Fire Lieutenant John Majka and Firefighter/Paramedic Anthony Licato for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Police Officer John E. Wrigley for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Apartment Building Owners and Managers Association on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to I-Go Car Sharing on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to John Marshall Law School on 100th anniversary of first Hispanic graduate William E. Rodriguez
Tribute to late Thelma Wiley 
Tribute to late Barbara M. Buckley 
Tribute to late Irene P. Kempf 
Tribute to late Bernice T. Lakomy 
Tribute to late Mercedes Moses
Tribute to late Theresa V. Totos 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Carl J. Cuevas on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer David E. Fudacz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patrick F. Gordon on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Terry Halpin on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Michael Jasso on position with Chicago Housing Authority
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Thomas A. Jones on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant Robert Kelenyi on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Gerald H. Koll on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Kathleen Leahy on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Gloria A. Majerczyk on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Edward J. May on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Michael A. Tiardovich on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Elyse M. Young on retirement 
Congratulations extended to John Marshall Law School and commemoration of Honorable William E. Rodriguez as first Hispanic elected as Chicago Alderman 
Congratulations extended to Sister Elizabeth Van Straten on retirement from St. Bernard Hospital
Congratulations extended to Robert Andrew Richter on retirement from Chicago Fire Department
Recognition extended to Naiyma Wright for achievements 
Recognition extended to Marta Kolejda Almodovar on dedication to Polish community
Tribute to late Joseph Luke Cunniff 
Tribute to late John "Jack' Louis O'Brien
Tribute to late Steve Starr 
Congratulations extended to Marshall Metropolitan High School Chess Team on success
Congratulations extended to Marshall Metropolitan High School Chess Team on success
Tribute to Fire Captain Herbert "Herbie" Johnson
Honorary street designation as "George T. Kyros Way" - amend
Honorary street designation as "John J. Horodecki Way"
Honorary street designation as "M. Cherif Bassiouni Way"
Honorary street designation as "Omar E. Torres Way"
Tribute to late Daveda Renee Peeler  
Tribute to late Angela Fitzsimmons 
Congratulations extended to Lester C. Jedynak on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Gratitude extended to Steven Holler for dedicated service to City of Chicago Law Department
Congratulations extended to Geja's Cafe on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to City Colleges of Chicago on one year anniversary of Colleges to Careers program
Congratulations extended to Honorable Anthony Iosco on retirement from Circuit Court of Cook County
Congratulations extended to Paper Place on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Dr. Paul H. Knappenburger on retirement as president of the Adler Planetarium
Tribute to late Evelyn M. Belohlavek
Tribute to late John J. Machesky
Tribute to late Patricia R. Pasco
Tribute to late Matthew E. Sobczak
Tribute to late Honorable Jack Brooks
Tribute to late Milton John Card
Tribute to late Jamelle Folsom
Tribute to late John "Jack" Gallapo, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Calvin H. Hall
Tribute to late George Kokines
Tribute to late Robert Owen Rice
Tribute to late Honorable Warren Rudman
Tribute to late Dr. Welton I. Taylor
Tribute to late James B. Waters, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Rhiana E. Gunn-Wright on 2013 Rhodes Scholarship
Congratulations extended to Sister Sheila Lyne, RSM on retirement from Mercy Hospital
Congratulations extended to Police Crossing Guard Supervisor Annette Bennett on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Lenny Biszewski on retirement from City of Chicago Department of Revenue
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Beverly G. Bradley on retirement
Congratulations extended to Pastor Edward Coleman on 55th birthday
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Connie M. Dixon on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Larry L. Dotson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant John W. Francis on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer David L. Harris on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer John F. Heidt Jr. on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Arilaus D. Jackson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Richard G. Rusinak on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Donald R. Stewart on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Kenneth A. Taylor on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Louis M. Watkins on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Andre Willis on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer James C. Wilson on retirement 
Tribute to late Eddie Mae Lewis
Tribute to late Dennis D. "Bilal" Williams
Congratulations extended to Doris R. Jordan on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Ambulance Commander John L. Durkin on retirement from Chicago Fire Department
Recognition extended to AI Carter Bey, Bernice Thompson and Sharon Wheeler for service to Near North Unity Program
Recognition extended to participants in Walgreens Expressions Challenge
Tribute to late Florentina Santos
Tribute to late Sarah "Sally" Foy
Tribute to late Albert G. Bradtke Jr.
Tribute to late Charito C. Cacal
Tribute to late Joan C. Coursey
Tribute to late Anthony V. DeFrancisco
Tribute to late Mary Colleen Estevez
Tribute to late Antoinette "Toni" Gallagher
Tribute to late Victor F. Grazino
Tribute to late Charles J. Hunt
Tribute to late Timothy M. Mieling
Tribute to late Donald Mulligan
Tribute to late Catherine Thometz
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Michael L. Sweeney on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Union Pacific Railroad on 150th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Hollis C. Polacek on retirement from State of Illinois government
Tribute to late Kathleen Clancy
Tribute to late John "Vietnam" Nguyen
Tribute to late Johnny Lira
Tribute to late Dr. Charles E. Watson
Tribute to late Reverend Dr. Lewis Flowers
Honorary street designation as "Lester H. McKeever Jr. Way"
Tribute to late Firefighter Walter Patmon, Jr.
Gratitude extended to Police Officers David P. Uting and Jessie A. Rosario, Jr. for heroic actions
Honorary street designation as "Elder George E. Penson, Sr. Blvd."
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Leah Anderson Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jean Baptiste Pointe DuSable Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ralph 'Mr. Canoe' Frese Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Conrad Worrill Way"
Honorary street designation as "Joseph M. Esposito Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Timuel D. Black Way"
Honorary street designation as "John J. Horodecki Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Catherince M. Wells Way"
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Van W. Wells Way"
Congratulations extended to John Baird on retirement from Commission on Chicago Landmarks
Tribute to late Inez Andrews
Tribute to late Steve Starr
Recognition extended to Mother Bernice Washington, Mother Alyce Carroll Conley, Deacon Leander John Cooks, Lillian Turnage, and Reverend Bobby Strickland for devotion to New Life In Christ Ministries
Congratulations extended to First Progessive Church of Christ on 60th anniversary
Tribute to late Phillip Oliver Coleman
Tribute to late Malinda Lynn
Tribute to late Pastor Austin Willie Smith, Jr.
Tribute to late Jerome Carrington
Tribute to late Mildred L. Williams
Congratulations extended to Khamolaw "Kham" and Dorothy Beard, Jr. on 50th wedding anniversary
Tribute to late Van C. Walters
Tribute to late Dolores A. Cartalino
Tribute to late Bridget "Della" Hackett
Tribute to late Sophie B.Hlenofsky
Tribute to late Walter A. "Butz" Kienzle
Tribute to late Walter Mackiw
Tribute to late John "Jack" Terry Macklin
Tribute to late Genevieve F. "Jean" Pahuski.
Tribute to late Jimmie R. Alford
Tribute to late Henriette "Etty" Allen
Tribute to late Honorable Robert H. Bork
Tribute to late Honorable Rosaland M. Crandell
Tribute to late William J. Cullerton
Tribute to late Ettore R. Divito, Jr.
Tribute to late Helen C. Doria
Tribute to late James Edwards
Tribute to late James W. "Jimmy" Farrell
Tribute to late Reverend Lewis L. Flowers
Tribute to late Honorable Hugh M. Gillis, Sr.
Tribute to late Terry Glover
Tribute to late Honorable Albert Green
Tribute to late Honorable Redd Griffin 
Tribute to late Honorable Alice Varnado Harden
Tribute to late Honorable Curtis M. Hubertz
Tribute to late Honorable Daniel K. Inouye
Tribute to late Mearl J. Justus
Tribute to late John J. Kennelly
Tribute to late Rita Levi-Montalcini
Tribute to late James J. Lilly
Tribute to late Houston McCoy
Tribute to late James E. O'Donnell
Tribute to late Eugene C. Patterson
Tribute to late Mark D. Pearlstein
Tribute to late Alvin Porrata
Tribute to late Reverend John V. Dolciamore
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph P. Fitzgerald on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mark W. Forrest on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Roseanne Fronczyk on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant John F. Fumo on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mark G. Gibson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Charles T. Glynn on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mark A. Grohovena on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James P. Haggard on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant David S. Hudspeth on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Prentiss Jackson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jamie P. Kane on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant William Kaupert on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Walter P. Kinasz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert L. Kirchner on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Daniel L. Kivel on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert J. Lawler on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patricia A. Maher on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph M. Maraffino on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Catherine M. McBride on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael G. McLaughlin on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mary Miceli on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edward G. Mizera on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Diana Morales on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph J. Moseley on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas J. Motzny on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Maude R. Noflin on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Eric J. Penney on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jeffrey W. Peraino on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert M. Pietrowski on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph A. Pulido on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Eleanor M. Reardon on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jose T. Reyes on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Holly C. Robinson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thermon A. Royster on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jeffrey A. Sacks on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Stanley Salabura on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Donald F. Smith on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Victoria L. Stanek on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edwin A. Thomas on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mark C. Thompson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael A. Varjabedian on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Eugene R. Warling on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kathryn L. Warner on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Willie G. Whitehead on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael J. Wilson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Betty J. Woods on retirement 
Tribute to late Thomas Jefferson Braboy, Sr.
Gratitude extended to Chicago Children's Advocacy Center 
Congratulations extended to Police Commander Frank C. Gross on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Marshall Metropolitan High School Chess Team
Tribute to late Mateo Mojica
Congratulations extended to Mary Schram on 100th birthday
Recognition extended to  Ann S. Jhin for business and civic contributions
Tribute to late Mary P. Ellis
Tribute to late Evette Harper-Bates
Tribute to late Ralph "Mr. Canoe" Frese
Congratulations extended to Father Valentin Notzkov and St. John of Rila.
Tribute to late Ethel J. DeTolve
Tribute to late Donald E. Eastman
Tribute to late Carole M. Johnson and Arthur A. Johnson
Tribute to late J. Timothy Kelley
Tribute to late Alan Konwinski
Tribute to late Virginia M. Luciano
Tribute to late Therese "Terry" Lussem
Tribute to late Kathleen "Katie" Mulligan
Tribute to late Robert Emmett O'Connor
Tribute to late Sister Mary Claudiane Pruszka
Tribute to late Terrence J. Quinn
Tribute to late John Reed Rokicki
Tribute to late Luke Spallone
Tribute to late John J. Thometz
Tribute to late Thomas J. "Tommy" Wayda
Congratulations extended to Donald C. Anderson on retirement as principal of John M. Palmer Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Ralph Schauf on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Ash Luthra and LSL Industries
Congratulations extended to Phil O'Connor on retirement from City of Chicago
Tribute to late Anthony J. Rudis
Tribute to late Honorable John A. "Jack" Ryan
Tribute to late Anthony G. Scariano
Tribute to late Honorable Amnon Lipkin-Shahak
Tribute to late Captain John V. Sheardown
Tribute to late Vikki Tulcus
Tribute to late Fred L. Turner
Tribute to late Daniel Usalis
Tribute to late Honorable John Cobb Williams
Congratulations extended to Anti-Defamation League 
Congratulations extended to Battalion Chief EMT Peter Biondo
Congratulations extended to Police Commander Hector J. Rodriquez on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Lovie Smith for accomplishments as head coach of Chicago Bears
Tribute to late Richard A. Rice
Tribute to late Theodore "Ted" Thomas
Tribute to late Geraldine Jessie Burnett
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Women and Children First Way"
Tribute to late Allie Mae Haymer
Tribute to late Ernest Genghus Kyles, Jr.
Tribute to late Diann Thomas
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kenneth L. Abels on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas J. Banich on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Janice D. Barney on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Lee C. Bielecki on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kelvin M. Blanks on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Cassandra Bradshaw on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Steven J. Cannizzo on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Philip L. Cappitelli on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Maryellen Cloherty on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Eleanor Collins on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Joseph M. Corona on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ralph E. Craig on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Conrado M. Cruz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jose M. DeJesus on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Paul M. DeRosa on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edward R. Dolan on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Marvin W. Dorsey on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Christina Dzido on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert S. Ellis on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Robert Elmore on retirement 
Tribute to late Deacon Thomas Curry
Tribute to late Honorable William Donald Schaefer 
Gratitude extended to Norman R. Bobins on tenure with Chicago Board of Education
Congratulations extended to Bruce Norris for 2011 Pulitzer Prize in Drama
Congratulations extended to Devonte Ingram for heroic actions
Recognition extended to Big Brother Mentor Program on 20th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Jennifer O'Connor for alertness and decisive action for students maltreatment
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Eddie Figueroa and Saul Gallardo for heroic efforts
Gratitude extended to Chicago Fire Captin Joe Roder for life saving efforts
Tribute to late Pedro Lopez, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Joseph Incandela and European Organization for Nuclear Research
Honorary street designation as "Lester H. McKeever, Jr. Way" - amend 
Honorary street designation as "John F. Tompkins Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Vivian R. Jones Way"
Honorary street designation as "Edward Brennan Way"
Honorary street designation as "Stanley Wozniak Way"
Congratulations extended to Printer's Square Building on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Dr. Louis Dvonch
Honorary street designation as "John J. Horodecki Way" - amend
Tribute to late Dennis Farina
Tribute to late Irene S. Stransky
Gratitude extended to James S. Lopez II for contribution to Chicago Park District's Lacrosse Program
Congratulations extended to Lookingglass Theatre on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Chicago Journal on 12th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Worker's Compensation Lawyers Association
Tribute to late Annie Hamilton Jones
Tribute to late Mary Smith
Tribute to late Norman leo White, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Sylvia Mafada Micelli on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Patrick Finucane
Congratulations extended to St. Jerome School on 90th anniversary
Tribute to late Norman F. Bilek
Tribute to late Michael C. Buchanan
Tribute to late James DeSomer
Tribute to late John A. "Jack" Doherty, Sr.
Tribute to late Janet M. Slachta
Tribute to late Mary Jeanette Bitter
Tribute to late Honorable Cardiss Collins
Tribute to late Margaret Louise "Peggy" Constantine
Tribute to late Bishop John D'Arcy
Tribute to late Daniel J. Edelman
Tribute to late Jozef Cardinal Glemp
Tribute to late Honorable Edward Koch
Tribute to late Barry Lind
Tribute to late Honorable Elden E. Madden
Tribute to late Thomas E. Mintle
Tribute to late William E. Murphy
Tribute to late Peer Pedersen
Tribute to late John R. Powers
Tribute to late Honorable Mari D. Terman
Tribute to late Judy Tucker
Tribute to late Reverend Richard J. Wojcik
Congratulations extended to Honorable Hillary Rodham Clinton on service as U.S. Secretary of State and declaration of February 13, 2013 as "Hillary Rodham Clinton Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Honorable Carole Bialczek-Goldman on 70th birthday and declaration of February 18, 2013 as "Carole Bialczek-Goldman Day"
Congratulations extended to Margaret McDermott on retirement and declaration of February 13, 2013 as "Margaret McDermott Day"
Congratulations extended to Honorable Leon Panetta for dedication as U.S. Secretary of Defense 
Congratulations extended to Edward Schmit for dedication to St. Rita of Cascia High School and named an Affiliate of the Order of St. Augustine
Congratulations extended to Chicago Polar Plunge on 13 years of success and declaration of March 3, 2013 as "Polar Plunge Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Showman's League of America on 100th anniversary
Recognition extended to "Variety-The Children's Charity" 
Congratulations extended to Dolores Quiroz on 100th birthday
Gratitude extended to Charlie Jo Cho for his contributions to City of Chicago
Tribute to late First Lady Piccola Walker
Recognition extended to National Association of Parliamentaries - District 4
Congratulations extended to Bishop Willie A. Treadwell on 82nd birthday
Congratulations extended to Original Providence Baptist Church on 150th anniversary
Tribute to late John Francis Tompkins
Tribute to late Jack R. Schneider
Tribute to late Romeo V. Alcaraz
Tribute to late Sister Jane Maria Andrzejczk
Tribute to late Thomas Bilbo
Tribute to late Harry Heftman
Tribute to late Sister M. Josephine Janicki
Tribute to late Judyth J. Kamphausen
Tribute to late Sister Mary Adolphine Ksiosik
Tribute to late John P. Lasch
Tribute to late Martha Manshreck
Tribute to late Patricia M. McNulty
Tribute to late Mark William Mechnig
Tribute to late Thomas R. Mitchell
Tribute to late Angeline Mussie.
Tribute to late Saul Prado
Tribute to late Herman E. Schutt 
Tribute to late Daniel J. Edelman
Congratulations extended to Depaul University on 100th anniversary of colleges of business, music and law
Tribute to late Bettye Pearl Jakes-Russ
Congratulations extended to Honorable Ken Salazar on service as Nations Secretary of Interior.
Recognition extended to participants in Walgreens Expressions Challenge
Honorary street designation as "Joe Morenzoni Way" 
Congratulation extended to Captain Mauricio Rodriguez for heroic efforts
Congratulations extended to Step Up Women's Network on 15th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Sergeant Saul J. Joseph Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Kaage's Corner"
Honorary street designation as "Private First Class Omar E. Torres Way" - amend
Tribute to late Hattie Mae Evans
Honorary street designation as "Tom Allen Way"
Tribute to late Patrick Finucane
Tribute to late Thomas R. Mitchell
Congratulations extended to Showmen's League of America on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Edward J. Hinsberger, Jr. on retirement from U.S. Department of Urban Development
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Justic on retirement
Congratulations extended to Reverend Donald M. McFadden, Sr. on 20th anniversary as pastor of St. Joseph Missionary Baptist Church
Tribute to late Pastor Walter Lee Williams
Congratulations extended to Gina Ferguson for South Loop Woman of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Dr. Otis L. Anderson, Jr. on 80th birthday and 38th pastoral anniversary
Gratitude extended to Father Richard Andrus, SVD for service to community

Congratulations extended to Craig Gilmore on retirement from Insurance and Financial Services industry
Gratitude extended to "A Place For Me" Autism Learning Center
Tribute to late Reverend Charles Balskus
Tribute to late Brandon W. Booe
Tribute to late Ryan Patrick Healy
Tribute to late Octavia Ball
Tribute to late O.C. Poole
Tribute to late Carnell Marie Smith
Tribute to late Bettye Pearl Jakes-Russ
Tribute to late Frank Irving Merchant, Jr.
Tribute to late Sylvia Branch Washington
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant John W. Francis on retirement 
Tribute to late Thomas Battle, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Benjamin Peter Graca on achieving rank of Eagle Scout  
Tribute to late Jason Dorsey, Sr.
Gratitude extended to Tony Bernard for contributions to community
Congratulations extended to Raymond Dubinski on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Irma Jean Pulphus Morehouse
Congratulations extended to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Shen Yun Performing Arts
Tribute to late Carol A. Amato
Tribute to late Diane S. Francis
Tribute to late Danuta A. Gnat
Tribute to late Shirley M. Jost
Tribute to late Gloria Sari
Tribute to late Kevin Kraemer
Tribute to late Judy E. Szafraniec
Congratulations extended to Michael Erdelyi on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Geoffrey Obrzut on retirement as president and chief executive officer of the Illinois Community College Board 
Congratulations extended to Jerome H. Stone on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Old Town Triangle Association on 65th anniversary and declaration of June 8-9, 2013 as "Old Town Art Fair Weekend" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Deanna Ortiz for various accomplishments 
Congratulations extended to Gale Street Inn on 50th anniversary and George Karzas for various accomplishments
Recognition extended to  Child Life Specialists at Comer Children's Hospital at  University of Chicago Medical Center, The
Congratulations extended to Lifeline Theatre on 30th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Gus Kaprales Way"
Tribute to late Honorable Jerome T. Burke
Tribute to late Alger "Duke" Chapman
Tribute to late Joseph N. Ducanto
Tribute to late John F. Gilmore, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Joel A. Kagann
Tribute to late Dr. C. Everett Koop
Tribute to late Richard Martin Morrow
Tribute to late Dr. Antonio Ramos
Tribute to late Louis A. Ricci
Tribute to late Honorable Chester "Chet" Rybicki
Tribute to late Cleotha Staples
Tribute to late John S. Tan
Tribute to late Honorable Raymond L. Telles
Tribute to late Honorable Martin Tuchow
Tribute to late John J. Wilpers, Jr.
Tribute to late Dr. Frank Yanez
Tribute to late Kenji Yatsushiro
Congratulations extended to Dale Clevenger on retirement from Chicago Symphony Orchestra 
Congratulations extended to Stella Michalik on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Rony Monzon for heroic efforts
Congratulations extended to Marianne Wolf-Astrauskas on recipient of 2013 Communicator of Achievement Award
Congratulations extended to IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law on 125th anniversary and declaration of March 13, 2013 as "IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law Day" in Chicago
Congratulation extended to Rony Monzon for heroic efforts
Honorary street designation as "John J. Horodecki Way" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Vivian R. Jones Way"
Congratulations extended to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Gregory Thomas Karacic
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Jameka R. Sherrod, Mark J.
Pickert and Rodney G. Jones for heroic actions
Tribute to late Honorable Justice Mary Ann McMorrow
Congratulations extended to participants in 2013 Chicago United Southside vs. Westside Hoops Classic
Congratulations extended to Chicago Latino Film Festival on 29th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Carolyn Corporation Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Fr. Donald Senior, C.P. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Alderman John J. Buchanan Way"
Honorary street designation as "Elaine Marie Drake Lane" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Louis Montgomery, Sr. Way"
Congratulations extended to James T. Sullivan on retirement from Chicago Journeymen Plumbers' Union 130
Recognition extended to Officer Frank Balestri for continuing tradition of preparing handmade Italian soppressata 
Recognition extended to maestro Riccardo Muti and Italian American Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations extended to Antonio Romanucci and Friends of Cameron on hosting "Sham-Rocket Out" fundraiser 
Congratulations extended to Original Providence Baptist Church on 150th anniversary
Congratulations extended to WLS-AM on 89 years of broadcasting excellence
Congratulations and best wishes extended to Shen Yun Performing Arts on performances in Chicago
Tribute to late Vincent R. Collaro
Tribute to late Andrew Athens
Tribute to late Elmer Bauer, Jr.
Tribute to late Walter E. Biesiada
Tribute to late Clarence William Boebel
Tribute to late Tom Boerwinkle
Tribute to late Honorable George Miller Burditt, Jr.
Tribute to late Ted Cook
Tribute to late Jerry Dincin
Tribute to late Philip J. Disparte, Jr.
Tribute to late Gloria B. Grisham
Tribute to late Kenneth D. Johnson
Tribute to late Richard Kissel
Tribute to late Mildred Dalton Manning
Tribute to late Honorable Nicholas J. Melas
Tribute to late Jack Pardee
Tribute to late Robert V. Remini
Tribute to late James Sauter
Tribute to late Patricia Shelton
Tribute to late R. Dillon Smith
Tribute to late Anne Smedinghoff
Tribute to late Right Honorable Margaret Thatcher
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Brian Bauer on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Fire Battalion Chief Joseph Carroll on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Fire Captain Donald Freza on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Commander David M. Jarmusz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Fire Battalion Chief James McCann on retirement
Congratulations extended to Fire Battalion Chief Jessie Sanchez on retirement
Congratulations extended to Fire Battalion Chief Patrick Sheppard 
Congratulations extended to Firefighter Robert Smith on retirement from Chicago Fire Department 
Welcome extended to Honorable Mary McAleese on visit to Chicago and declaration of April 17th, 2013 as "Honorable Mary McAleese day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Louis Albert Fitzgerald, Jr.
Welcome extended to Shen Yun Performing Arts on visit to Chicago and best wishes on future success
Tribute to late Philip C. Allen
Tribute to late Dr. Samuel Huffman
Tribute to late Beatrice Davis
Congratulations extended to Pastor-Elect Clarence E. George, Sr. 
Tribute to late Shirley G. Ford
Tribute to late Angelo Gage, Sr.
Tribute to late Gloria M. Henderson
Congratulations extended to Superintendent Michael Eaddy on being elected chairman of General Council of Pastors and Elders, First Illinois Jurisdiction of the Church of God in Christ
Congratulations extended to Josephine Morgan on 100th birthday
Recognition extended to Jaime Dejuras for accomplishments
Tribute to late George Kelley
Tribute to late Tyshaun "Shaun" Ryael McClurge
Tribute to Leola Spann
Congratulations extended to Brother Konrad Diebold on retirement from St. Patrick High School
Congratulations extended to Daughters of St. Mary of Providence on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Stephani Bilski
Tribute to late Robert R. Eisenhart
Tribute to late Angelina Esposito
Tribute to late Juan Sebastian Gil
Tribute to late Ronald L. Marriott
Tribute to late Maria Nomden
Tribute to late Joseph R. Pryst
Tribute to late Alberto Restrepo
Congratulations extended to Barbershop Harmony Society on 75th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Linda and Bob Newton on 50th wedding anniversary
Recognition extended to Emerald City Theatre Company on being named receipient of Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerces Excellence in Arts and Culture Award  
Congratulations extended to Hotel Lincoln on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce's Hospitality Business of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Linda Maman of ADP Payroll Services on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce's Personal or Professional Service Provider of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to MINI of Chicago on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce's Retailer of the Year Award
Gratitude extended to Vincent Mastromauro for efforts on behalf of Six Corners community 
Congratulations extended to Northwest Side Housing Center on 10th anniversary
Tribute to late Ray Banak
Tribute to late Stephani Bilski
Tribute to late John Finnegan
Tribute to late Doreen Liston
Congratulations extended to Florence Brady on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Elaine Marie Minkler
Tribute to late Corporal Sara A. Medina
Tribute to late Alva Doris Roberts
Honorary street designation as "Deacon Leon Hosley, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Edward F. Dunne Way"
Honorary street designation as "Governor Deval Patrick Avenue"
Honorary street designation as "Ms. Audrey Newman-Miles Way"
Honorary street designation as "Father Pat  Lee Way"
Honorary street designation as "Chaka Khan Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. William H. Allen Street"
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Robert J. McGee, Pedro Guzman, Joseph Perez and Mark D. Heinzel for apprehension of armed offender 
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public School students on selection as Gates Millennium Scholars
Tribute to late Jimmy Damon
Tribute to late Sylvester "Sy" Ptak
Congratulations extended to Pastor John E. Jackson on 32 years of ministry
Congratulations extended to WVON on 50th anniversary in broadcasting
Tribute to late Nicholas Janeteas
Tribute to late John Fasula, Jr.
Tribute to late Rosemarie Bastien
Tribute to late Chloe Konrath
Tribute to late Christine H. Makos
Congratulations extended to Right Reverend Francis Maniola on 100th birthday and 75th anniversary in priesthood
Tribute to late Pastora San Juan Cafferty
Tribute to late Jimmy Damon
Tribute to late Jacoby Dickens
Tribute to late Adolph "Bud" Herseth
Tribute to late William Johnson
Tribute to late William P. Levine
Tribute to late Leopold Engleitner
Tribute to late Honorable Moses Harrison
Tribute to late Honorable Calvin R. Sutker
Tribute to late Maria Tallchief 
Tribute to late Honorable Jagdish Sharan Verma
Tribute to late Walter F. Worrill
Congratulations extended to Hermene Hartman for contributions to Chicago journalism 
Congratulations extended to Honorable Raymond L. Jagielski on being named "2013 Jurist of the Year"
Congratulations extended to Michelle M. Kohut on appointment as president of Women's Bar Association of Illinois and declaration of June 13, 2013 as "Michelle M. Kohut Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Reverend Joseph Patrick Lynch on 60th anniversary in priesthood
Congratulations extended to Reverend Monsignor Francis Maniola on 75th anniversary in priesthood and 100th birthday
Welcome extended to David McCullough on visit to Chicago
Congratulations extended to Reverend Robert L. Tuzik on 40th anniversary in priesthood
Tribute to late Donald L. Duster
Tribute to late Mary James
Tribute to late Cynthia Travis
Congratulations extended to Police Officer James P. Quinn on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Loretto Academy Class of 1968 on 45th reunion and declaration of May 25-26, 2013 as "Loretto Academy Class of 1968 Days" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Bernice Porter on 75th birthday
Congratulations and best wishes extended to Hill, Doyle, Brown and Frazier Families on celebration of 21st annual family reunion
Congratulations extended to William Chamberlain and Howard Heyman on receipt of 2013 Preservation Excellence Award
Congratulations extended to Starlight Children's Foundation Midwest on 2013 annual gala and declaration of May 18, 2013 as " Starlight Children's Foundation Midwest Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Vallie Smith-Wheeler
Tribute to late Genevieve W. Benekos
Tribute to late Pietro "Pete" Benincasa
Tribute to late Roy Biondi
Tribute to late Robert J. Braasch, Sr.
Tribute to late Catherine C. Fegan
Tribute to late Sister M. Septemia Partyka, C.S.S.F.
Tribute to late Ann K. Prem
Tribute to late Henry J. Pryor
Tribute to late Mary A. "Maureen" Sheridan 
Tribute to late Honorable Calvin R. Sutker
Tribute to late George Weber
Congratulations extended to Father John Donohoe, Father Joseph Taylor and Father Michael Cronin on anniversary in priesthood
Congratulations extended to Actor's Equity Association on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to International Association of Workforce Professionals on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to owners Michael Hornick and Jo Kaucher on 30th anniversary of The Chicago Diner
Tribute to late Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne
Congratulations extended to Dr. Jayasudha Kapoor for contributions and achievements and welcome on visit to Chicago
Congratulations extended to Joanie Daleiden Klein on retirement as Southwest Airlines administrative supervisor
Congratulations extended to Wellington-Oakdale Old Glory March Society on 50th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "St. Helen Parish Way"
Honorary street designation as "Florence J. Schaeffer Way"
Honorary street designation as "Deacon Leon Hosley, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Lucinda Ware Way"
Honorary street designation as "Irene Sendler Way"
Honorary street designation as "Warsaw-Chicago Sister Cities Way"
Honorary street designation as "Chicago's 'Little Warsaw' Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jan Karski Way"
Honorary street designation as "Joe Tipre Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Samuel Joaquin Flores Avenue"
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Angelina Palermo for apprehension of armed offender
Congratulations extended to Sister Sheila Lyne, RSM on retirement as president and chief executive officer of Mercy Hospital
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public High School 2012-2013 Junior ROTC cadets on appointment to national military service academies and receipt of ROTC scholarship awards
Tribute to late Honorable Dawn Clark Netsch
Honorary street designation as "Paul Moore Way"
Tribute to late Anthony Todd Daniels
Tribute to late Rosa Lee Gibbs
Tribute to late William Vincent Wright
Congratulations extended to Frances Mistretta on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Reverend Samuel Ballard, Sr.
Tribute to late James Harris, Sr.
Tribute to late Reynaldo Alexander Ward
Congratulations extended to CICS Wrightwood School on eighth grade graduation ceremony
Tribute to late Norma Ida Reyes
Congratulations extended to Beth Eden Baptist Church on 122nd anniversary and salute to Reverend Doctor Craig Martin Jenkins and First Lady Doctor Sylvia Jenkins
Congratulations extended to Hattie B. King on retirement
Congratulations extended to Michelle Kohut on installation as president of Women's Bar Association
Congratulations extended to Goose Island Brew Pub on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Gilda's Club Chicago on 15th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Susan and Chris Norborg on 50th wedding anniversary
Tribute to late William J. Gerber
Congratulations extended to Pastor Doctor Timothy M. Jones, Sr. of Kingdom Life Ministries International on elevation to Office of Bishop
Congratulations extended to Pastor Richard Daniel Henton on 64th anniversary in ministry and 49th anniversary as pastor of Monument of Faith Evangelistic Church
Tribute to late Myron D. Freeman
Tribute to late Nyra P. Gay
Tribute to late Albert L. Hamm
Tribute to late Steven Griffin Jay
Tribute to late Rose R. Johnson
Tribute to late Walter J. Murphy
Tribute to late Govanna E. Teele
Congratulations extended to Anne Marie Aguirre on receipt of Girl Scout Gold Award
Congratulations extended to Dana Brecklin on receipt of Girl Scout Gold Award
Congratulations extended to Nicole Williams on receipt of Silver Award in Illinois Junior Academy of Science State Science Fair
Congratulations extended to Allyson Elizabeth Smith and John Lawrence Domalick on upcoming wedding
Congratulations extended to Le Bouchon Restaurant on 20th anniversary 
Tribute to late Honorable Giulio Andreotti
Tribute to late Honorable Otis Bowen, M.D.
Tribute to late Reverend Andrew M. Greeley
Tribute to late Honorable Aubrey Francis Kaplan
Tribute to late Bob Kotalik
Tribute to late Honorable George M. Leader
Tribute to late Right Reverend Monsignor Leo T. Mahon
Tribute to late Ray Manzarek
Tribute to late Vernon McGarity
Tribute to late Frances Monson
Tribute to late Walter J. Murphy
Tribute to late Alyne Payton
Tribute to late Reverend Stanley R. Rudcki
Tribute to late Bouruch Spiegel
Tribute to late Ken Venturi
Tribute to late John D. Zitek
Commendations extended to Guadalupe Arce for civic and business leadership
Recognition extended to  William J. Brodsky for leadership and achievements as chief executive officer of Chicago Board of Options Exchange 
Congratulations extended to Honorable Kathleen Brown on retirement as chairman of investment banking for Midwest Region of Goldman Sachs
Congratulations extended to Reverend Monsignor John Canary on retirement as vicar general of Archdiocese of Chicago and declaration of June 23, 2013 as "Reverend Monsignor John Canary Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to Zoe Damacela for academic and business achievements
Congratulations extended to Mike Ditka on retirement of No. 89 jersey by Chicago Bears and gratitude extended for contributions to professional football
Congratulations extended to Victor Orozco on election to Senke-Sandoval Community Council
Congratulations extended to D. Jean Ortega-Piron on retirement from Illinois Department of Children and Family Services
Congratulations extended to Angeles Sandoval on election as president of Senke-Sandoval Community Council
Congratulations extended to Martin A. Sandoval II on election as member of Senke-Sandoval Community Council
Congratulations extended to Edward T. Tilly on being named chief executive officer of  Chicago Board of Options Exchange
Congratulations extended to Brian Urlacher on retirement from Chicago Bears
Congratulations extended to Father Zaniolo on 25th anniversary in priesthood and declaration of May 22, 2013 as "Reverend Michael G. Zaniolo Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Pastor Richard Daniel Henton on 64th anniversary in ministry and 49th anniversary as pastor of Monument of Faith Evangelistic Church
Congratulations extended to Willa P. Strong on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to Simeon Career Academy Wolverines baseball team on winning City Championship
Tribute to late Irma Cabrera Romero
Congratulations extended to Honorable Mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico Carmen Yulin Soto on being named grand marshall of Chicago's United Puerto Rican People's Parade
Gratitude extended to 65th Infantry Regiment (Borinqueneers) for selfless military service and call for President Barack Obama and U.S. Congress to award U.S. Congressional Gold Medal 
Commendations extended to Korean Community Services for efforts on behalf of immigrant communities
Tribute to late Patricia Wells
Congratulations extended to Kathleen Schwaba-Barton on retirement as principal of St. Juliana School
Congratulations extended to Janice Kepka on retirement as principal of Edgebrook School
Gratitude extended to Father Eric Meyer, CP for service at Immaculate Conception Parish and declaration of August 24, 2013 as "Father Eric Meyer Day" in Chicago
Gratitude extended to Kevin J. Bell for contributions to Lincoln Park Zoo
Recognition extended to Dale Clevenger for musical career with Chicago Symphony Orchestra
Congratulations extended to Anne Marie Aguirre on recieipt of Girl Scout Gold Award
Congratulations extended to Dana Brecklin on recieipt of Girl Scout Gold Award
Honorary street designation as "Deacon Leon Hosley, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "John W. Black Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Gus Kaprales Way" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Deontae Montre'al Smith Street"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary George Lemperis Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Jolanta M. Daisy and Lawrence F. Hill on heroic life saving effort
Congratulations extended to recipients of Golden Apple Award (2013)
Honorary street designation as "Father John Cassidy Boulevard"
Honorary street designation as "Apostle Robert L. Mitchell Boulevard"
Honorary street designation as "John Gac Way"
Honorary street designation as "Danette Spazio Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary George Lemperis Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Danny Seraphine Way"
Honorary street designation as "Gus Giordano Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Van C. Walters Way"
Congratulations extended to Warrick L. Carter, Ph.D. on retirement as president of Columbia College Chicago
Congratulations extended to Gianni Delisi and Trattoria Gianni's on 25th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Second Presbyterian Church as National Historic Landmark
Tribute to late Pastor Robert Lee Henderson, Sr.
Tribute to late Annie Mae Jackson Murphy
Tribute to late Freeman Peterson
Congratulations extended to Sacred Heart Church on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to C.N. Russo & Co., Inc. on 80th anniversary
Congratulations extended to EWE Association of Chicago hosting 20th annual CENA Convention
Congratulations extended to Mount Carmel Caravan baseball team on 2013 ISHA Class 4A State Championship
Tribute to late Carol Kellogg
Tribute to late Richard Stellato
Recognition extended to Charles "Chuck" Dobbins for service to Boy Scouts of America 
Best wishes extended to Korean American Chamber of Commerce and Korean Festival Planning Committee on 18th annual Korean Street Festival
Recognition extended to Ed Kelly and the Ed Kelly Sports Program for various contributions in communities
Tribute to late Jeremiah Hosea Moore
Congratulations extended to Pastor Dr. W.H. Foster Sr. on 28th anniversary as pastor of Pleasant Grove Baptist Church and best wishes for continuing service
Gratitude extended to off-duty Crestwood Police Officer Joe Pavlik for assistance in apprehension of offender
Tribute to late Bruno Bartoletti
Tribute to late Ralph A.L. Bogan
Tribute to late Reverand John H. Boyle
Tribute to late Honorable Argeo Paul Cellucci
Tribute to late Honorable Rudy Clay
Tribute to late Robert Fogel
Tribute to late Rick Halprin
Tribute to late Honorable James E. Holshouser, Jr.
Tribute to late Douglas L. Johnson
Tribute to late Honorable Frank Lautenberg
Tribute to late Honorable Pierre Mauroy
Tribute to late Honorable Martin Emmet McDonough
Tribute to late Honorable Aurelius "Reo" B. Miles
Tribute to late Bernie Sahlins
Tribute to late Honorable Thyra Godfrey Thomson
Tribute to late Honorable Barbara Vucanovich
Tribute to late Michael "Woody" Wood
Congratulations extended to Police Chief Detective Thomas M. Byrne on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Dr. James M. Galloway on retirement as U.S. Health and Human Services Regional Health Administrator for Region V and as Assistant U.S. Surgeon General
Congratulations extended to Bill Hood on retirement as managing director of corporate affairs for American Airlines
Congratulations extended to Jim Johnson on retirement from WLS-AM Radio
Congratulations extended to Gerald J. Roper on retirement as chief executive officer and president of Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce
Recognition extended to Cornell Wrightington for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Croatia on admission as member of European Union
Congratulations extended to Havana Day Dreaming on 10th anniversary of fundraising efforts benefitting prostate cancer reserch and men's health issues
Tribute to late Laura Jordan
Tribute to late Audrey Newman-Miles
Tribute to late Maynard Sherman
Tribute to late Senator Howard B. Brookins, Sr.
Tribute to late John Martin Vician
Recognition extended to Reverend Herbert Lee, Jr. of New Progressive M.B. Church
Congratulations extended to Special Olympics on 45th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Horace Broy, Sr. Way"
Congratulations extended to EMS Field Chief John Marsden
Congratulations extended to Whitney M. Young Magnet High School
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Eugene M. Ortiz and Marco A. Renteria on life-saving rescue
Recognition extended to U.S. Army Reserve SPC Richard Navarro for courageous service
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Anthony L. Ceja and Kevin C. Deeren for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Kenneth Kozlowski and Firefighter Robert Fisher
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Collis A.Underwood, Jr. and Akishe P. Brown for heroic life saving rescue
Congratulations extended to Firefighter/EMT James Doyle
Congratulations extended to Chicago United Hoops Classic (2nd annual)
Congratulations extended to Simeon Career Academy High School on winning Class 4A State Basketball Championship (2102)
Congratulations extended to Mary Baggett and Alfreda Clark for their courageous rescue of an innocent child
Tribute to late Adolph Eugene Gary, Jr.
Tribute to late Hester Bruce
Tribute to late Anthony Todd Daniels
Congratulations extended to Original Palace Grill on 75th anniversary  
Congratulations extended to Fannie Murry on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Mount Calvary Baptist Church on 85th anniversary
Recognition extended to Chicago Votes for efforts to make electoral process accessible to all 
Congratulations extended to Bishop D. Rayford Bell on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Queen Esther Tramble
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Perdo Zapata and Rafael Boria for apprehension of juvenile offenders
Tribute to late Ruthie L. Reynolds
Tribute to late Norah G. Brennan
Tribute to late Ruth Curtis Lingenfelter
Tribute to late Laura Siragusa
Tribute to late Mary Slingerland
Tribute to late Patrick Joseph Sullivan
Congratulations extended to Carrie Radabaugh and John Riordan on birth of son, Thomas Kennedy Riordan
Honorary street designation as "Emmit Till Road"
Honorary street designation as "Sophie Dobosz Way"
Tribute to late Annie Mae Watts
Congratulations extended to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated on 100th anniversary
Recognition and homecoming welcome extended to members of  933rd Military Police Company of Illinois National Guard 
Gratitude extended to Daisy Robinson for community contributions 
Recognition extended to Chicago Defender Charities, Inc. for hosting Bud Billiken Day Parade and efforts to improve quality of life for African-Americans
Congratulations extended to Vipul Patel on being named 2012 Dunkin Donuts Franchisee of the Year
Recognition extended to Backbones and National Museum of Health and Medicine for "Reinventing the Wheel" photographic exhibition
Congratulations extended to Ms. Chaka Khan on 40 years of musical and entertainment achievements, and declaration of July 28, 2013 as "Chaka Khan Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to DeVry University on grand opening of  College of Nursing facility
Gratitude extended to United German-American Societies of Greater Chicago for community service and holding Von Steuben German Day Parade
Congratulations extended to David F. Vite on retirement from Illinois Retail Merchants Association
Tribute to late Sophie Dobosz
Recognition extended to Deacon Clarence Brownlow for service to country and dedication to Greater Bethlehem Healing Temple
Congratulations extended to Bash on Wabash on 10th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Greater Bethlehem Healing Temple on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Mark Fornaciari on retirement as Department of Transportation general superintendent
Congratulations extended to Evergreen Academy Middle School on redesignation by National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform as School to Watch for years 2013-2016
Tribute to late Paul Adams
Tribute to late Honorable David F. Cargo
Tribute to late Honorable Robert E. Cusack
Tribute to late Honorable Beverly J. Fawell
Tribute to late Reverend John P. Frawley
Tribute to late Honorable Caroline Glassman
Tribute to late Honorable William H. Gray III
Tribute to late Jean Guy
Tribute to late Honorable William D. Hathaway
Tribute to late Honorable Gyula Horn
Tribute to late Monsignor John Kuzinskas
Tribute to late Lollie L. McKeon
Tribute to late Honorable John Nickels
Tribute to late Jerome P. Rowan
Tribute to late Aurelia A. Siebert 
Tribute to late Reverend Jerome P. Twarog
Tribute to late John J. "Jack" Simmerling
Congratulations extended to Honorable Ruben Castillo on being first Latino Chief Judge of U.S. District Court for Northern District of Illinois 
Gratitude extended to Gary Dailey on assisting Chicago Police Department on apprehension of robbery suspect
Recognition extended to William Fraher for 22 years of service as director of Liturgical Music at Old St. Patrick's Church
Recognition extended to Honorable James F. Holderman for dedicated service as chief judge of U.S.District Court for Northern District of Illinois   
Congratulations extended to Jimmy M. Lago on retirement as Chancellor of Archdiocese of Chicago and declaration of July 24, 2013 as "Jimmy M. Lago Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. on being elected chairman of board of directors of Loyola University Chicago
Congratulations extended to Lou Phillips on retirement as business manager of Laborers' Local 1001
Congratulations extended to Michael R. Quinlan on retirement as chairman of board of directors of Loyola University Chicago and declaration of July 24, 2013 as "Michael R. Quinlan Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Trinity Academy of Irish Dance on 30th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to 5-11 Club on 60th anniversary
Tribute to late Reverend Thad J. Jakubowski
Congratulations extended to Senior Pastor Bill H. Brown and Pastor Diane Brown on 25th anniversary of Ministry Service to Washington Park community
Congratulations extended to Prophetess Rona Mobley-Wells on 24th anniversary of service
Tribute to late Queen Esther Tramble
Tribute to late Mary Helen Davis
Congratulations extended to Trinity Irish Dancers on 30th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to 400 East Randolph on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Robert Vanderbilt on retirement
Congratulations extended to Trinity Irish Dancers on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late George J. Poulos
Congratulations extended to Captain Alfred Kiefer on heroic life-saving effort
Congratulations extended to Darlene Pavlik on retirement
Congratulations extended to Trinity Irish Dance School on 30th anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Mary Smith Way"
Honorary street designation as "Alice Carter Avenue" 
Tribute to late Roger Martin
Congratulations extended to Alderman Richard F. Mell (33rd Ward) on retirement from City Council 
Gratitude extended to Firefighter Theodore Sullivan for heroic lifesaving efforts
Tribute to late Honorable Susan Farmer
Honorary street designation as "Sr. Jean McGrath Drive"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Bobby Cann Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Annie Mae Dyson Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Van & Dorothy Holman Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary DJ International Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant John J. Coghlan on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James P. Cosgrove on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael Davis on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Christopher P. Ferraro on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Maurice L. McCaster on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Margaret M. Morrisey on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kathleen A. O'Malley on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Martin J. Stich on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Christ M. Zafiris on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Chief of Patrol Roberto Zavala on retirement 
Tribute to late Robert J. Smith 
Recognition extended to Chicago Pizza Oven Grinder on business success
Tribute to late Eileen Dempsey 
Congratulations extended to Mercury, Chicago's Skyline Cruiseline, on 80th anniversary and declaration of October 3, 2015, as "Mercury, Chicago's Skyline Cruiseline Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to West Garfield Park Community Stakeholders on "Anti-Violence and Substance Abuse Prevention Community Day"
Tribute to late Edward McCormick Blair 
Tribute to late Joseph M. Fernandez
Tribute to late Carl Hugare 
Tribute to late Cynthia Manfredini
Tribute to late Robert C. Schaller 
Tribute to late Robert J. Smith Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Shaheryar and Shabana Adil on becoming U.S. citizens 
Congratulations extended to Ron Huberman on retirement from Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Karen Seimetz named General Counsel for Chicago Transit Authority
Congratulations extended to R. Eden Martin on retirement as president of Commercial Club of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Mollie Johnson Sherrod on 95th birthday
Congratulations extended to Evelyn Mack on 80th birthday
Gratitude extended to Cook County Sheriff's Office for continued law enforcement presence in former 13th District Police Station
Recognition extended to Mary Monica Joria for decades of public service and congratulations on 100th birthday  
Gratitude extended to Reverend Leslie Sanders, Sr. for lifelong dedication to church and community
Congratulations extended to Chicago-Kent College of Law on 125th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Dr. Sandy Goldberg and A Silver Lining Foundation for providing cancer education and service to needy citizens
Congratulations extended to St. Anthony of Padua Parish on 110th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Dick's Last Resort on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Old St. Mary's Catholic School on 10th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Reverend Jessie Louis Jackson, Sr. for civil rights, religious and political contributions
Tribute to late Verneda (Burrow) Barnette
Tribute to late Timothy Bernard Farmer
Tribute to late Lorraine Leona Starr Morgan Garrett
Tribute to late Dwan Pierre Long
Tribute to late Helen Louise Trice McCain
Gratitude extended to Montana Butsch for dedication as founder and director of Chicago Training Center
Tribute to late Rose Daly
Tribute to late Honorable Lindy Boggs
Tribute to late John Patrick Byrnes, Jr.
Tribute to late Cleve E. Carney
Tribute to late Vince Casanova
Tribute to late William Clark
Tribute to late George Day
Tribute to late Kenneth "Mike" Dooley
Tribute to late Edward D. Downes
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Brian J. Rybka on retirement 
Tribute to late Kevin Flynn
Tribute to late David Frost
Tribute to late Honorable John J. Gilligan
Tribute to late Gilbert Gordon
Tribute to late Seamus Heaney
Tribute to late General David C. Jones
Tribute to late James Steven Kahn
Tribute to late Edith "Eadie" Levy
Tribute to late David E. McKee 
Tribute to late Thomas J. McKeon
Tribute to late Jon Eric O'Connor
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Pechous
Tribute to late Elroy "Sandy" Sandquist
Tribute to late Honorable David R. Schultz
Tribute to late Honorable Harvey Schwartz
Tribute to late Honorable William W. Scranton, Jr.
Tribute to late Paul Stepan
Tribute to late Harry Richard "Dick" Telander
Tribute to late Don Wade
Tribute to late Robert A. Williams
Tribute to late Michael A. Winter
Tribute to late Constance Zimmermann
Congratulations extended to David F. Vite on retirement from Illinois Retail Merchants Association
Congratulations extended to Claude A. Walton on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Know Your Chicago on 65th anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Peter's Church on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to St. Richard Parish on 85th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Zeller Realty Group and Paul M. Zeller on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Ernie Banks on receiving Presidential Medal of Freedom
Congratulations extended to Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council on 75th anniversary
Tribute to late Leroy Martin
Tribute to late Ruth Rothstein
Congratulations extended to Christina Pacheco Butler on retirement as City Council Sergeant-at-Arms 
Tribute to late Arthur L. Johnson 
Congratulations extended to Laura Dennis on retirement from Englewood Bethel Terrace
Congratulations extended to Southwest Chicago PADS on 20th anniversary
Congratulations extended to David F. Vite on retirement from Illinois Retail Merchants Association
Tribute to late Barbara Ann Kelly Griffin
Congratulations extended to Palace Grill on 75th anniversary
Tribute to late Alice Carter
Gratitude extended to Miguel and Myra Dominguez for service to Humboldt Park community
Gratitude extended to Antonio "Tony" Irrizarry for dedication and service to Puerto Rican community
Congratulations extended to George's Hot Dogs on 65th anniversary
Tribute to late David Willis Hill, Sr.
Tribute to late Nakesha Lynn Johnson
Tribute to late Mae Catherine Scott Williams
Congratulations extended to Elder Woodrow and Esther Lee Hinton on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to St.Pascal Catholic Church on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Honorable Charles A. Alfano
Tribute to late Michael J. Anselmo 
Tribute to late Paul D. Cale
Tribute to late Dawn Fazio
Tribute to late Laurence D. Nee
Tribute to late Florence Spatafora
Tribute to late Edward J. Spula
Tribute to late Phillip Warnock, Jr.  
Congratulations extended to Eagle Scout Tommy De La Cruz on earning 2013 Glenn A. and Melinda W. Adams National Eagle Service Project of the Year Award
Congratulations extended to Shmuel Ehrman on bar mitzvah
Congratulations extended to Honorable Chul Huh, Consul General of Republic of Korea on completion of tenure in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Dr. Elyse Mach on retirement from Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Donald and Terese Savage on 70th wedding anniversary 
Congratulations extended to David F. Vite on retirement as president of Illinois Retail Merchants Association
Congratulations extended to Chase Bank Branch on receiving Elston Honorary Forest Glen Green Thumb Award
Congratulations extended to Imperial Lighting Maintenance Company on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Mariano's Fresh Market on Elston for recieving Honorary Forest Glen Green Thumb Award 
Congratulations extended to Latin School of Chicago on 125th anniversary
Recognition extended to American Women for International Understanding on 45th anniversary
Tribute to late Norman (Coach) Anderson
Gratitude extended to off-duty Police Officer Phil Schulter on apprehension of offender 
Tribute to late Rosemary Sullivan
Tribute to late Reverend Dr. J.B. Singha
Honorary street designation as "Velma P. Little Way"
Honorary street designation as "Lowell I. Stahl Way"
Honorary street designation as "Sylvia B. Washington Way"
Tribute to late Dr. Margaret T. Burroughs
Congratulations extended to Scottie Pippen on induction into Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and as Ambassador for Chicago Bulls
Tribute to late Patricia Green 
Tribute to late Gene McCaffery
Tribute to late Police Superintendent LeRoy Martin
Congratulations extended to Chicago Urban Art Society/Peter Kepha and Lauren Pacheco on organizing Slow & Low: Community Lowrider Festival
Tribute to late Mavis Batey
Honorary street designation as "Merri Dee Way"
Honorary street designation as "Gregory W. Baine Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ruth Carter Lane"
Honorary street designation as "Dewey Herrington Way"
Congratulations extended to Howard A. Tullman on receipt of Jerold S. Solovy Freedom Award
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Merillac Way"
Tribute to late Bishop D. Rayford Bell
Tribute to late Reverend Robert J. McGee, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Herb Kent ("Cool Gent") on 85th birthday 
Recognition extended to Chicago Children's Advocacy Center for work during Domestic Violence Awareness Month 
Congratulations extended to John Marshall Law School Fair Housing and Support Center and Clinic, The on 20th anniversary
Congratulations extended to John Marshall Law School, The on grand opening of Veterans Legal Support Center and Clinic
Congratulations extended to Openlands on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to ShawChicago Theater on 20th anniversary 
Tribute to late Ronn Pitts
Congratulations extended to First Baptist Church of Chicago on 180th anniversary
Tribute to late Geraldine Cole
Congratulations extended to Reverend James R. Flint, Jr. on 5th anniversary as pastor of Calvary Baptist Church
Tribute to late Velma P. Little
Tribute to late Anthony Bailey
Tribute to late Wenona Cleo Johnson
Tribute to late Queen Esther Tramble Kindle
Tribute to late Eric Charles Smith
Congratulations extended to Gloria Aguilera on retirement from Illinois Bell Telephone Company 
Congratulations extended to Praise Tabernacle Deliverance Center on 20th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Chicago Department of Transportation Employees David Torres, Alex Hampton, Christopher Haskell and John Vyhanek for life-saving rescue
Tribute to late Gloria A. Bird
Tribute to late Linda Duslak
Tribute to late Kevin Healy
Tribute to late Joseph M. Maratto
Tribute to late Shirley M.Toppett Morrissey
Tribute to late Thomas F. Atchison
Tribute to late William J. Bingham
Tribute to late William J. Campbell Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Pete T. Cenarrusa
Tribute to late Ronald DiRenzo
Tribute to late John B. Duff 
Tribute to late Honorable Francis J. Emmett
Tribute to late Reverend Vito E. Mikolaitis
Tribute to late Richard "Dick" Mitchell
Tribute to late Honorable Demetrius C. Newton
Tribute to late Nicholas Oresko
Tribute to late Andrew "Andy" Pafko
Tribute to late Honorable William R. Quinlan
Tribute to late Honorable E. Clay Shaw, Jr.
Tribute to late Joseph "Terry" Shields
Tribute to late Frank Trigg, Sr.
Tribute to late Honorable John Vanderhoof
Tribute to late Honorable Willie M. Whiting
Congratulations extended to Deborah M. Clark on 20th anniversary as principal of Mark T. Skinner West Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Dr. Eugene Fama on being named joint recipient of Nobel Prize for Economics
Congratulations extended to Sheila M. Harrity on being named National High School Principal of the Year
Congratulations extended to Dr. Kwang-Wu Kim on inauguration as president of Columbia College Chicago 
Gratitude extended to Jack Lavin for completion of tenure as chief of staff for Illinois Governor Pat Quinn
Congratulations extended to Joseph W. O'Connor, Jr. on receipt of 2013 Executive Service O'Hare Wings of Vision Award
Congratulations extended to Russ Willingham on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Ira J. Chasnoff, M.D. on recieving Heroes of Our Hearts Award
Congratulations extended to Deutsch, Levy & Engel, Chartered, on 40th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Marshall Pierce & Company on 85th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Polish Highlanders Alliance of America on 30th anniversary of Dom Podhalan Headquarters 
Tribute to late Reverend Timothy J. Lyne
Tribute to late Chief Bishop Melvin L. Crawford
Congratulations extended to Willie "Jack" Davis on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Lisa Brown-Holmes
Congratulations extended to Beta Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated on 100th anniversary and declaration of October 10-13, 2013 as "Beta Chapter 100th Anniversary Weekend" in Chicago 
Gratitude extended to Lowell I. Stahl for dedication and support to St.  Patrick High School
Tribute to late Martha Jean Hooper
Tribute to late Catherine A. Sales
Congratulations extended to Reverend Alvin Love on 27th anniversary  as pastor of Lilydale First Baptist Church and 35th anniversary as ordained minister
Gratitude extended to Apostle Yvonne Lee-Wilson and congratulations extended to Real Women of God Fellowship on 27th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Nora Butler on 100th birthday
Recognition extended to Helen Kherdian Paloian as survivor of Armenian geneocide and oldest parishioner of St. Gregory the Illuminator Armenian Church
Tribute to late Rosetta Gadlen
Congratulations extended to Pastor Robbie Wilkerson on 20th anniversary of ordination
Tribute to late Dominic N. Colletti
Tribute to late Alan Deibert
Tribute to late Ronald S. DiRenzo
Tribute to late John Bernard Duff
Tribute to late Martha J. Janezic
Tribute to late Honorable William Robert Quinlan
Tribute to late Philip M. Sandberg, Jr.
Tribute to late Penny A. Schuster
Tribute to late Joseph Terry Shields
Tribute to late Clara Silvestri
Tribute to late William G. Thom
Congratulations extended to Sean Owen Magil on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Charles Copner Webster on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Austin Thomas Joyce
Tribute to late Joanne O'Leary and declaration of September 9, 2013 as "Joanne O'Leary Day" in Chicago
Recognition extended to Nia Chetkovich for fundraising efforts on behalf of Wrightway Animal Shelter
Congratulations extended to Bowlers Journal International on 100th anniversary and declaration of November 8, 2013 as "Bowlers Journal International Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Isabelle Proietti on retirement from Lycee Louis Le Grand Paris
Congratulations extended to Music Box Theatre on 30th anniversary and declaration of November 22, 2013 as "Music Box Theatre Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Stanley Tigerman on receipt of 2013 American Institute of Architects Chicago Lifetime Achievement Award
Tribute to late Michael N. Kontalonis
Tribute to late Paul Rosenthal
Congratulations extended to Nicholas Senn High School on 100th anniversary
Recognition and support extended to Local First Chicago's "Eat, Drink & Buy Local 365" campaign
Congratulations extended to Northside Catholic Academy as National Blue Ribbon School for 2013
Congratulations extended to Eileen O'Toole on retirement as principal of Albany Park Multicultural Academy
Congratulations extended to First Immanuel Lutheran Church on its preservation and restoration
Congratulations extended to Daniel J. Chlebek on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Kurt Elling to musical contributions to City of Chicago
Honorary street designation as  "Jordan C. Peric Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael S. Collins on retirement
Tribute to late Melvin E. Biddle 
Honorary street designation as "Ray D'Oronzo Blvd"
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Michael J. Flynn on retirement f
Congratulations extended to Mott St on being awarded a Michelin Bib Gourmand Award
Gratitude extended to Reverend Louis Montgomery, Jr. pastor of New Bethlehem No.4 M.B. Church for spiritual leadership 
Congratulations extended to Roberto and Erminia Alvear on 50th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Dave Downey for 45 years as a volunteer with District 15 Big League Baseball
Congratulations extended to Richard and Judith Jaros on 50th wedding anniversary
Gratitude extended to Ed Plys for 40 years as a volunteer with District 15 Big League Baseball
Tribute to late Thomas J. "TJ" Andrew
Tribute to late Scott Carpenter
Tribute to late Hugh D. Hill
Tribute to late Charles and Honorable Maxine Lange
Tribute to late Reverend Francis X. Lawlor
Tribute to late Gerardo Hernandez
Tribute to late Honorable Tadeusz Mazowiecki
Tribute to late David D. McCarrell
Tribute to late Honorable John Y. McCollister
Tribute to late James Robinson Risner
Tribute to late Robert W. Sanders
Tribute to late Honorable Isaac "Ike" Skelton
Congratulations extended to Chrysler Village on inclusion in National Register of Historic Places
Tribute to late John Pitts Spence
Tribute to late William H. Sullivan
Gratitude extended to his Excellency Dr. Ali bin Masoud Al Sunaidy for trade and investment delegation to the United States 
Tribute to late Sollie W. Vincent, Sr.
Tribute to late John E. Wilson
Congratulations extended to Louis G. Apostol on induction into United Hellenic Voters of America Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to Dr. Lars Peter Hansen on being named joint recipient of Nobel Prize for Economics
Congratulations extended to Daniel and Mary Alice Houlihan on 50th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Caroline Kennedy on being named U.S. Ambassador to Japan
Congratulations extended to Dr. Steven T. Rosen on retirement from Northwestern Memorial Hospital and best wishes on new position 
Recognition extended to PAWS Chicago on hosting PAWs Fur Ball 
Tribute to late Ruth Edelman
Tribute to late Wiilie Ann Sanders
Tribute to late Oscar Woods
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Deola Alexander on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer George Altman on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Oficcer Joseph Clarke on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Gwendolyn Dunigan on retirement 
Tribute to late Demarius Reed
Congratulations extended to Antonio Paez on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Ruth Jones
Recognition extended to Joshua Roberto Marks for various achievements
Tribute to late Demarius Reed
Congratulations extended to Tempie Helen C. Thomas on 100th birthday and declaration of February 2, 2014 as "Mother Thomas Day" in Chicago 
Tribute to late Mary Rita Benson
Tribute to late John M. "Jack" Campbell, Jr.
Tribute to late Joyce T. Gallet
Tribute to late Harold Hogen
Tribute to late Lee G. Holm
Tribute to late Marie E. Lehan
Tribute to late Elise Marie Mann
Tribute to late Adelaide Patricia "Pat" Murphy
Tribute to late Mary "Mickey" Perry
Tribute to late Ruth Pershin
Tribute to late Kiro Petkofski
Tribute to late Marie Rothbauer
Tribute to late P. Craig Smith
Tribute to late James A. Weber
Tribute to late Joseph A. Wisowaty
Congratulations extended to Donald C. Anderson on being honored at Salute to American Heroes Ceremony for outstanding public service
Congratulations extended to Leroy Anthony Budnik on being honored at Salute to American Heroes Ceremony for outstanding public service
Congratulations extended to Tactical Sergeant Donald J. Daniels on being honored at Salute to American Heroes Ceremony for outstanding public service
Congratulations extended to Mary Anthony Gallagher on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to American Indian Center of Chicago on 60th anniversary
Gratitude extended to UAE Embassy, Manchester City Football Club and Pritzker Trabert Family Foundation for soccer field at Haas Park
Tribute to late Deverra Beverly
Tribute to late Maureen Rossini
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Kathy Cunningham on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Lieutenant Colonel Dorothy L. "Meg" Madsen AUS (ret.), on 95th birthday and gratitude for military service  
Congratulations extended to Connie's Pizza on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to East-West University on 10th annual Scholarship Dinner
Congratulations extended to Antonio Romanucci and Joseph Gagliardo on being named Joint Civic Committee of Italian Americans Humanitarian of the Year and Peacmaker of the Year honoress
Gratitude extended to National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame for charitable contributions to communities 
Gratitude extended to Police Sergeant Frank Pierri and Police Officer Leonard G. Wlezien for apprehension of armed offender
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Richard T. Janus on retirement 
Tribute to late Mary P. Mellone
Tribute to late Jesus Abraham "Tato" Laviera
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Doctor Alvin Love Street"
Honorary street designation as "Miguel and Myra Dominguez Way"
Tribute to late Evelyn Iris Brown
Tribute to late Chester A. Barc
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Reverend Fred L. Johnson Way"
Tribute to late Elliott Hundrea Wilson
Congratulations extended to Esther Reberta Aikens on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Patrick T. McNicholas on retirement 
Tribute to late George Kurinsky
Gratitude extended to Engineer/EMT John Meade on heroic lifesaving efforts
Tribute to late Neal William Blau
Tribute to late Martin D. Quinn
Tribute to late Cynthia DeVito
Tribute to late Brittany Wawrzyniak
Tribute to late Thomas P. Flanagan
Tribute to late John "Bud" Hawk
Tribute to late Leonard Louie
Tribute to late Reverend Ronald R. Turich
Congratulations extended to Gabe Klein on retirement as Commissioner of Chicago Department of Transportation
Tribute to late Honorable Daniel L. Houlihan
Congratulations extended to Engine Company 79/Ambulance 92, first shift of Chicago Fire Department on being honored at salute to American Heroes Ceremony for outstanding public service
Congratulations extended to Alan Kapustka on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini 
Congratulations extended to Pastor John E. Jackson for service and commitment to community
Congratulations extended to Mario Stefanini on 20th anniversary of Mario's Table
Tribute to late Marcella Juszynski
Tribute to late Annie Sandifer
Tribute to late Hattie B. Caldwell Dansby
Tribute to late Lawrence T. O'Brien
Tribute to late Gregory Thomas Sumlin
Congratulations extended to Charles Edward Bates Jr. on ordination
Congratulations extended to Duane Elliott Porter on ordination
Tribute to late Joseph Arredia, Jr.
Tribute to late Sarah Brady
Congratulations extended to George Washington High School boys soccer team on winning state championship 
Gratitude extended to Betty Brewer for bravery and good citizenship
Gratitude extended to Tactical Police Officers Israel Gamez and Louis C. Moore, Jr. for apprehension of armed felon
Tribute to late Honorable Malcolm Fraser
Honorary street designation  "Honorary John Vietnam Nguyen Way"
Tribute to late Della de Lafuente
Tribute to late Robert McClory
Tribute to late Reverend Monsignor Charles W. McNamee
Tribute to late Lawrence T. O'Brien
Tribute to late Donald S. Perkins
Tribute to late Honorable Joan Barr Smith
Tribute to late Honorable Lee Kuan Yew
Tribute to late Dr. Andrew T. Parsa
Congratulations extended to Dr. Michael D. Amiridis on appointment as Chancellor of University of Illinois at Chicago
Congratulations extended to Reverent Clete Kiley on appointment as Moderator of the Curia
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Hector Fuentes and Peter Gurskis for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Reverend Michael J. Garanzini, S.J., on 14 years of leadership at Loyola University
Congratulations extended to Honorable John F. Grady on retirement
Congratulations extended to Helen Joan Grochowski on 90th birthday and declaration of May 2, 2015 as "Helen Joan Grochowski Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Reverend Francis Q. Kub on 50 years of service to the Archdiocese of Chicago 
Tribute to late Phil Collins 
Congratulations extended to Keith J. Shapiro on appointment as Co-chair of Illinois Holocaust and Genocide Commission
Congratulations extended to Reverend Tony Pizzo, Dr. Jim Foody and late Reverend Ray Ryan on being honored at Midwest Augustinian 75th anniversary celebration
Congratulations extended to Anthony Maruszak for military service and declaration of April 15, 2015 as "Anthony 'Tony' Maruszak Day" in Chicago.
Congratulations extended to Father Zdzislaw Jason Torba on birthday
Tribute to late Dr. Thomas A. Kropidlowski
Tribute to late Reverend Warren J. McCarthy
Tribute to late Honorable Edmund Reggie
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Lee C. Bielecki on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Michael J. Bilina on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Field Training Officer Hiram L. Bourne on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mary Jean Chan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Herbert S. Currier on 100th birthday and declaration of December 24, 2013 as "Herbert S. Currier Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Joseph T. Gula on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Holly Harris on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Susan P. Ivkovich on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Commander David M. Jarmusz on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Field Training Officer Robert M. Kurpis on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Commander James O'Grady on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant David J. Ostrowski on retirement
Congratulations extended to Police Officer McKinley Philips on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Stephanie Quinn on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Victoria Stanek on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Maryanne Sullivan on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Field Training Officer Roy Taylor on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Rosemarie Wach on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Edward Westphal on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Betty Woods on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Commander Joseph Gorman on retirement 
Tribute to late Rochelle D. Starks
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Emma J. Brunson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Earnestine Edwards on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Charlie W. Jones on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Jean M. Parker on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Beverly J. Passmore on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Kevin L. Rogers on retirement
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Herbette L. Thomas on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Leda D. Thomas on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Belinda Walker on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Mary B. Wright on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Tribute to late Dorothy M. Carvatta
Tribute to late Honorable Daniel L. Houlihan
Tribute to late Roberta "Bobby" Keller
Tribute to late Victoria "Vickie" P. Kovacs
Tribute to late Patricia M. Lamey
Tribute to late John "Jack" Sheridan
Tribute to late Donald Warren Sloan
Congratulations extended to Gabe Clancy on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to John Cotter on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Joseph Rubin on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Heidi Walton on retirement from Eliot House
Congratulations extended to Cole Yungerman on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ricardo Rivero on retirement
Congratulations extended to Fire Captain James M. Polacek on retirement
Congratulations extended to Robert Szurgot on 80th birthday
Gratitude extended to Tony Sandifer for efforts to end bullying in Chicago schools
Congratulations extended to Neo-Futurists on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Trade Show Executive magazine and declaration of week of May 18, 2015 as "Trade Show Executives Fastest 50 Week" in Chicago
Honorary street designation as "Pastor Reverend Fred L. Johnson Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Mark A. Zenere on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Latin School of Chicago girls' hockey team on state championship
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mary Tillery for outstanding service
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Ralph S. Sikorski on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Albert Taylor on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Hector Valdes on retirement 
Tribute to late Deacon Everett "Bud" Helmer 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Thomas H. West on retirement 
Tribute to late Henry R. Garavaglia 
Gratitude extended to Miguel and Elvira Bautista for oustanding citizenship and contributions to communities throughout City
Gratitude extended to Dr. Patrick Angelo for charitable contributions to homeless and needy
Congratulations extended to John Keating on 50th birthday
Congratulations extended to Francis Cardinal George on 50th anniversary in priesthood
Congratulations extended to Rochell Vance on retirement from Essex Inn
Congratulations extended to Dattalo Family and The Fudge Pot on 50th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Bucktown Community Organization on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Dina Petrakis and Littlerock Construction, Inc. on 20th anniversary
Tribute to late Donald Conwell
Tribute to late Dorothy M. Matela
Tribute to late Dennis W. Redmond
Tribute to late Robert "Shoes" Suster
Congratulations extended to John C. Dore 2013 Girls 5th and 6th Grade Volleyball Team on winning Network Championship
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Deola Alexander on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Joseph Clarke on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer George Altman on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Gwendolyn Dunigan on retirement 
Gratitude extended to Etta B. Mikell for service to Englewood community 
Congratulations extended to New Life Covenant Church on grand opening of main campus
Congratulations extended to Puerto Rican Police Association on 35th anniversary
Tribute to late Paul F. Albert
Tribute to late Paul Martens
Tribute to late Thomas J. McManus
Recognition extended to Evan Clarke for decisive actions
Congratulations extended to Arnstein & Lehr LLP on 120th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Kidwatch Plus on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Father Thaddeus "Ted" Dzieszko on 25th anniversary in priesthood
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Ronald D. Coleman for heroic efforts 
Tribute to late Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela 
Tribute to late Honorable William A. "Bill" Allain
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jeff K. Yoshimura on retirement
Tribute to late Honorable Patrick B. Kehoe
Tribute to late Reverend Monsignor Francis N. Maniola
Tribute to late Thomas J. McManus
Tribute to late Michael A. Miles
Tribute to late John Weithers
Gratitude extended to Henry J. "Hank" Rutkowski, Sr. for military service and declaration of December 11, 2013 as "Henry J. 'Hank' Rutkowski, Sr. Day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Kelly P. Welsh on tenure as executive vice president and general counsel at Northern Trust-Chicago
Tribute to late Preston P. "Bud" Smuda
Tribute to late Nikolas "Nick" Mirkopoulos 
Recognition extended to Dr. Quentin Young for service to social justice, civil rights and equality in health care 
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Cardie L. Harper Way"
Tribute to late John Dexter Jr. 
Tribute to late Dorothy Storck
Honorary street designation as "Herron B. Hall Way"
Honorary street designation as "Yoshi Katsumura Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. Dolehide Drive"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend Thomas N. Pelton Way"
Congratulations extended to John and Eileen Linden for contributions to  Garfield Ridge community
Congratulations extended to Bernice Perkins on 80th birthday
Tribute to late Douglas Kramer 
Tribute to late Inez Frazier 
Congratulations extended to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on enacting Clean Water Rule
Congratulations extended to Deborah F. Rutter on appointment as first female president of John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts in Washington D.C. 
Congratulations extended to Honorable William D. Maddux on retirement
Congratulations extended to Chicago Force Women's Tackle Football Team for 2013 perfect season, winning national and international championships and declaration of January 5, 2014 as "Chicago Force Women's Tackle Football Team Day" in Chicago 
Tribute to late Calvin Wilson
Tribute to late Henry "Heinz" Baerman
Tribute to late John W. Baird
Tribute to late Connie K. Barsanti
Tribute to late Honorable Vincent E. Bentivenga, Jr.
Tribute to late Joseph M. Brennan
Tribute to late James L. Brodie
Tribute to late Victor J. Cacciatore, Sr.
Tribute to late James J. Corno, Sr.
Tribute to late Sister Patricia Jean Doerr, O.P.
Tribute to late Edward Duffy
Tribute to late Honorable Nello P. Gamberdino
Tribute to late Reverend John J. Grace
Tribute to late Anthony "Andy" Granatelli 
Tribute to late Buddy May
Tribute to late Thomas J. McManus
Tribute to late Honorable David J. Regner
Tribute to late Reverend Fred J. Spitzzeri
Tribute to late William N. Weaver, Jr.
Tribute to late Richard Salisbury Williamson
Congratulations extended to Anne Berry on receipt of Principal of the Year Award 
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Wayne Kramer and Fred Estrada for life-saving efforts
Tribute to late Doris Louise Colbert
Tribute to late Dorthea B. Cotton
Tribute to late Barbara Nell Jones Strong
Tribute to late Erma Elizabeth Zanona
Congratulations extended to John Patrick "Pat" Lannon on 50th anniversary with Department of Water Management
Tribute to late Dorothy Jean Norment
Congratulations extended to Nancy Cullinan Nasko on receipt of Distinguished Principal Award
Tribute to late Reverend Thomas N. Pelton
Tribute to late William Hudson, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Principal Graciano Ortega on retirement from Chicago Board of Education
Tribute to late Margaret Eleanor Atkinson
Tribute to late Matthew A. Carlson
Tribute to late Dionisio Cuisia
Tribute to late Sister M. Seraphinia Gacek, CSSF
Tribute to late Elsie M. Gibbs
Tribute to late J. Patrick Hanley
Tribute to late Francis G. Herman
Tribute to late LaVerne "Lovey" Lauer 
Tribute to late Joan Lucas
Congratulations extended to Jerry Mytych on retirement as director of external affairs for AT&T Illinois
Congratulations extended to Neomi Hernandez on retirement
Tribute to late Charles "Charlie" Trotter
Congratulations extended to Christopher and Theresa Sauve on birth of first child James Philip Sauve.
Congratulations extended to Wild Chicago on 25th anniversary and declaration of January 6, 2014 as "Wild Chicago Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Alderman Regner "Ray" Suarez for dedicated service to residents of 31st Ward
Tribute to late Adam D. Bourgeois 
Gratitude extended to Fire Lieutenant Maurice W. Demus, Firefighter Edward Fern and Firefighter/EMT Christopher R. Skanes for heroic lifesaving rescue
Gratitude extended to Police Officers Timothy S. McCollom and Robert M. Przybylowski for heroic lifesaving efforts
Congratulations extended to Joseph Thomas and Three Brothers Auto Repair on outstanding success and community involvement
Tribute to late David A. Kipper 
Honorary street designation as "Bishop Thaddeus 'Jake' Jakubowski Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Gus Kabrales Way" - amend
Honorary street designation as "Azieb Gebrehiiwet Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Rufus Jordan on retirement
Congratulations extended to Michael Malone on retirement
Congratulations extended to Rear Admiral Sandra Stosz as Superintendent for Coast Guard Academy
Gratitude extended to Police Detectives Alisa T. Gladney and Jeanne M. Vogel for apprehension of sex offender
Gratitude extended to Relief Lieutenant James Flynn for heroic life-saving efforts
Tribute to late Anthony Rossi, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Anthony J. Rudis on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Jack Jordan
Tribute to late Richard R. Kunicki
Tribute to late John James McGinty III
Tribute to late Susan Kathryn McIntosh
Tribute to late Honorable Otis Pike
Tribute to late Honorable Ariel Sharon
Tribute to late Arthur Thompson, Sr.
Tribute to late Thomas J. Ward, Sr.
Tribute to late John J. Whalen
Gratitude extended to former Mayor Richard M. Daley for dedicated public service and best wishes on full and speedy recovery  
Tribute to late Honorable John W. Rogers, Sr.
Tribute to late Mack Edwards Jones, Sr.
Tribute to late Dixie Lee Hampton 
Tribute to late Marilyn Guest
Congratulations extended to Reverend Robert L. East on 70th birthday and 35 years of pastoral ministry
Congratulations extended to The Support Group on 25th anniversary
Recognition extended to Alderman Regner Suarez for dedicated public service and receipt of Award of Merit from Polish American Attorneys Associates Society
Congratulations extended to Erma Tranter on retirement from Friends of the Parks
Congratulations extended to Chicago Volunteer Legal Services on 50th anniversary
Recognition extended to Historic Pullman Foundation on 40 years of dedicated service
Tribute to late William E. Perkins
Congratulations extended to Overflow Coffee Bar on 4th anniversary
Tribute to late Claudine Veatrice Davis
Tribute to late Sadie Murray
Tribute to late Darnell James "Lil Nelly" Williams 
Tribute to late Mildred L. Williams
Tribute to late Richard R. Carmichael
Tribute to late Mary Tyeptanar
Congratulations extended to Matthew Martone on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Claudio Abbado
Tribute to late Luis A. Alcala
Tribute to late Jon Anderson
Tribute to late Myril Axelrod Bennet
Tribute to late Clyde Black
Tribute to late Honorable W. Robert Blair II
Tribute to late Honorable Patricia J. Boyle
Tribute to late Ira T. Dawson
Tribute to late Colette A. Durkin
Tribute to late Ray Gibson
Tribute to late Dr. Richard Harvey Evans
Tribute to late Dr. Debra Parrish-Hooks
Tribute to late Richard R. Kunicki
Tribute to late Thomas R. Larson
Congratulations extended to Margie Slisz on 15th anniversary as property manager of North Park Village
Congratulations extended to St. Thecla Falcon's Boys Basketball Team on winning 2013-2014 City Suburban Conference Championship
Congratulations extended to Max Zelenka on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Tribute to late Norbert B. Bialek
Tribute to late Shirley Anne Buckley
Tribute to late Dolores H. Hoeffleur
Tribute to late Anthony "Tony" Nylander
Best wishes extended to Vietnamese Association of Illinois on celebration of 2014 Tet New Year
Tribute to late Deborah Sobol
Congratulations extended to Center for Disability and Elder Law on 30th anniversary
Gratitude extended to Police Sergeant Robert A. Rubio for apprehension of armed felons
Tribute to late George J. Sarna
Tribute to late Christopher P. Gomez, Jr.
Recognition extended to Lieutenant Colonel Marcus Anthony Matthews for military service
Gratitude extended to Police Sergeant Matthew Kolosa and Officers Patrick O'Connor, Andrew McGlynn, Samuel Lopez and Reyes Sanjuanero for exceptional policing efforts
Honorary street designation as "Arthur E. Canty Way"
Honorary street designation as "Deborah Reese Way"
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Lorie O'Shea on retirement
Tribute to late Carolyn J. Degen
Tribute to late John P. Gener
Tribute to late Betsy Lower
Recognition extended to Professor Leona S. Green for dedication to education of legal community
Congratulations extended to Dr. Robert C. Jones, Jr. on fifth anniversary as pastor of Mt. Carmel Missionary Baptist Church
Congratulations extended to George Lemperis on retirement as president of West Central Assn.
Congratulations extended to RANCH Triangle Community Conservation Assn. on 50th anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Streeterville Chamber of Commerce on 25th anniversary
Tribute to late James McKee, Jr.
Tribute to late Brother Charles Vester Bass
Tribute to late Harold Beach
Congratulations extended to James and Lu Betkowski and Elmwood Chapel Funeral Home on 25th anniversary
Tribute to late Marjorie J. Kuda
Tribute to late Helen A. Mackiw
Tribute to late Ronald J. McNeff
Tribute to late Charles Six
Tribute to late Sister Kathleen "Kaye" Ashe, O.P.
Tribute to late Wesley M. Dixon, Jr.
Tribute to late Ronald "Ron" Dorfman
Tribute to late James C. Dowdle
Tribute to late Walter D. Ehlers
Tribute to late Dale Gardner
Tribute to late Lois Geraldine Kwak
Tribute to late Joan Mondale
Tribute to late Harold Ramis
Tribute to late Don H. Reuben
Tribute to late Pete Seeger
Tribute to late James G. Serpe
Tribute to late Honorable Joyce Skoog
Tribute to late Honorable Michael Anthony "Mike" Stepovich
Tribute to late Shirley Temple
Tribute to late Maria von Trapp
Tribute to late Reverend Howard A. Tuite
Tribute to late Clifton Garrick Utley
Tribute to late Lord Piers Anthony Wedgwood
Gratitude extended to Doris B. Holleb for contributions to urban planning and development in City
Congratulations extended to Center for Disability and Elder Law on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Illinois Restaurant Association on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Honorable William J. Bauer on 40th anniversary in federal judiciary and declaration of March 21, 2014, as "The Honorable William J. Bauer Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Alma Meria Lane Green
Tribute to late Pastor Charles G. Hayes
Congratulations extended to Illinois General Assembly on passing Senate Bill 2694
Tribute to late Eula Payne
Congratulations extended to Rick Panek on retirement from HSBC
Gratitude extended to Arthur E. Canty for contributions to Chicago
Tribute to late Gerald F. Branick
Tribute to late Michael Grochowiak
Tribute to late George Ruby
Congratulations extended to Shirley Shechtman on retirement from Chicago Public Schools 
Tribute to late Margaret "Maggie" Tarara
Tribute to late John Zaremski
Recognition extended to Adam Dominik for courageous life-saving rescue
Congratulations and welcome extended to Yoshimitsu Yamada, Shihan on 50th anniversary as Aikido instructor in United States 
Tribute to late Victor Stark Maldonado, Jr.
Tribute to late Sonya Peres
Congratulations extended to Cynthia Y. Cobbs 2011 recipient of the
Chicago Bar Association's Earl Burrus Dickerson Award
Congratulations extended to Morgan Park High School boys basketball team on winning Illinois High School Assn. Class 3A state championship
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Daniel P. Jacobs, Detectives Susan D. Ruck, Mona M. Majeed, Melissa M. Fuller, Jacqueline L. Mok, Evidence Technician Hiram Gutierrez, Police Officers Debra A. Gills, Lenny Pierri, Forensic Scientists Maria A. Salazar, Jennifer L. Wagenmaker and Marc G. Pomerance on exceptional police work and apprehension of sex offender
Tribute to late Luis M. Ortiz 
Honorary street designation as "Bishop Tomas Lozada Way"
Honorary street designation as "Farley Jack Master Funk Way"
Honorary street designation as "Mrs. Sylvia M. Miceli Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Margaret Wilson Way"
Congratulations extended to Whitney Young Dolphins Boys Varsity Basketball Team on winning 2014 Illinois State Class 4A Basketball Championship
Recognition extended to Henry Booth House on 116th anniversary
Recognition extended to New Greater Exodus Missionary Baptist Church for service to community
Tribute to late Francis Nicholls (aka Frankie Knuckles)
Tribute to late Marvin Lorenzo Black
Tribute to late Shannon Francis Thurston Pena
Tribute to late Michael Tyrone Reed
Tribute to late Willie Lee Taylor, Sr.
Recognition extended to "A Place For Me" Autism Learning Center on  hosting Dinner and Dance for Autism (6th Annual)
Tribute to late Benjamin Roettgen
Congratulations extended to Fire Lieutenant Joseph R. Pavlik on retirement 
Tribute to late Honorable Reubin Askew
Tribute to late Edward P. Burke
Tribute to late Jeremiah Denton
Tribute to late Honorable John E. Gow
Tribute to late David L. Harris Jr.
Tribute to late Apostle Louis Carter
Tribute to late Honorable Michael J. Howlett, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Chokwe Lumumba
Tribute to late Reverend Paul B. Marszalek
Tribute to late Marcia Gray Martin
Tribute to late James P. Morrissy
Tribute to late Rabbi Daniel Moscowitz
Tribute to late Dennis E. Nolan, Sr.
Tribute to late Edna Pardo
Tribute to late David Reinsdorf
Tribute to late His Excellency, Honorable Adolfo Suarez
Tribute to late James Schlesinger
Tribute to late Robert S. Strauss
Congratulations extended to Danny Seraphine for Contributions to Music and City of Chicago
Tribute to late Lawrence E. Walsh
Congratulations extended to Immaculate Conception Parish on 100th anniversary and gratitude extended to pastor Reverend Robert Coleman 
Gratitude extended to World War II veterans from Chicago area for courageous and heroic military service 
Congratulations extended to His Eminence Francis Cardinal George on being honored by Council of Islamic Organization of Greater Chicago for friendship and support of Muslim community  
Congratulations extended to Adoption Center of Illinois at Family Resource Center on 25th anniversary
Tribute to late Fannie Lee Chambers
Tribute to late Mattie Louise Broadway-Gatewood
Tribute to late Ollie Mae Evans Allen
Tribute to late Thomas "Joel" Johnson
Recognition and best wishes extended to Jada Anthony on new endeavors
Congratulations extended to Pastor Wade Hudson on consecration as bishop
Recognition extended to Woodlawn African Methodist Episcopal Church on 85th anniversary and gratitude extended to Dr. Bettye Allen and Josephine Bond 
Tribute to late Anthony Hayes II
Recognition extended to Richard Karwowski for contributions to community
Tribute to late Octavia Alene Cannon-Jackson
Tribute to late John C. Melaniphy, Jr.
Tribute to late Sharon Ann Murray
Tribute to late William G. Naegele
Congratulations extended to Faith Inc. Community Advisory Group to Illinois Department of Corrections District 1 on 16 years of service
Tribute to late Joan S. Troka
Recognition extended to Shen Yun Performing Arts and best wishes on continued success
Congratulations extended to principal Sandra Carlson on retirement from Gray School
Recognition extended to Wrigley Field on 100th anniversary and declaration of April 26, 2014 as "Wrigley Field Day" in Chicago 
Tribute to late Marjorie Traxler Alschuler
Gratitude extended to Jackie Taylor for commitment to Chicago's history of music and declaration of March 26, 2014 as "Chicago Soul Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Michael J. Cam
Tribute to late Maria Eugenia Xiques
Tribute to late Rabbi Daniel Moscowitz
Tribute to late Marilyn C. DeStefano
Congratulations extended to inductees into Irish American Hall of Fame 
Tribute to late Ida Launius
Congratulations extended to Alessandro Volta Elementary School on winning five medals at the 2015 Illinois Science Olympiad
Tribute to late Commissioner Gloria Alitto Majewski
Congratulations extended to Four Corners Restaurant Group on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce Hospitality Business of the Year award
Congratulations extended to Rebuilding Exchange on receiving Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce Excellence in Arts and Culture award
Congratulations extended to Selfhelp Home on continued investment in health and welfare of senior citizens
Tribute to late Gloria Alitto Majewski
Declaration of April 2, 2014 as "McDonald's All American Games Day" in Chicago and congratulations extended to Cliff Alexander, Jahlil Okafor and Tyler Ulis for representing Chicago as members of 2014 McDonald's All American Boys Basketball team
Tribute to late Shirley Ann Conner
Recognition extended to Chris Baker and INK 180 for providing free tattoo removals for youth
Congratulations extended to Hunaid Lakhani for contributions to university educational systems
Congratulations extended to Alderman James A. Balcer for dedicated service to residents of 11th Ward 
Tribute to late Louis Alan Berger
Tribute to late William Vance Henry, Jr. 
Tribute to late Albertina Walker
Tribute to late Steven P. Walter
Tribute to late Reverend James Irons
Tribute to late Edward Lee Washington
Tribute to late Elnora Kee Miller
Tribute to late Johnie James Miller, Sr.
Tribute to late Albert V. King
Tribute to late Merelene Keller-Taylor
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Kim Cook on retirement
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Mary Keys on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Thomas L. McMahon on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Sharon Poole on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Jeff Yoshamura on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Armando Perez Y Martinez on 50 years as pioneer broadcaster in Spanish-language media
Tribute to late Laura L. Dalton
Tribute to late Elizabeth L. Drozd
Tribute to late Leo A. Fuda
Tribute to late Robert W. Gaines
Tribute to late Lottie Kendra
Tribute to late Leonard A. Kozlowski
Tribute to late Valentino A. "Rudy" Sarli
Tribute to late Edward J. Tomiser
Tribute to late Mark Butler
Tribute to late Kwa Geok Choo
Tribute to late K.O. Dawes
Tribute to late Reverend L. Dudley Day
Tribute to late Honorable Robert Joseph Downing
Tribute to late Honorable Nestor Kirchner former President of Argentina
Tribute to late Nicholas G. Manos
Congratulations extended to Alderman Mary E. O'Connor for dedicated service to residents of 41st Ward
Tribute to late Robert J. Smith
Tribute to late Honorable David Thompson
Congratulations extended to Theresa M. Coffey on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Lt. Carson Earnest on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Vaughn T. French on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Lisa Schrader for dedicated public service as Mayoral Chief of Staff 
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Lonergran on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Patrick T. McNicholas on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Joseph A. Seliga on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Most Reverend Gustavo Garcia-Siller on appointment as Archbishop of San Antonio, Texas
Congratulations extended to Honorable Mary Jane Theis on appointment to Illinois Supreme Court
Tribute to late Claude Gamble
Tribute to late Alphonso Johnson, Jr.
Tribute to late Tabatha Renee Oliver
Congratulations extended to Lawana M. Fenderson on receipt of Kathy Osterman Award for superior public service
Congratulations extended to Duane D. Hayden as finalist in Kathy Osterman Excellence in Leadership Award
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Stacey L. Hill on receipt of Kathy Osterman Award for Outstanding Public Safety
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Martin F. Gainer on retirement
Tribute to late Louis Ray Andrews III
Tribute to late Annie Lee Beauford
Tribute to late Bishop Arthur M. Brazier
Congratulations extended to Advocates Society for service to Polish-American community
Tribute to late Claude Gamble
Tribute to late Deno Wooldridge
Tribute to late Frank Ingram
Tribute to late Joyce "Anita" Huerta-Aguilar
Tribute to late Beverly A. Pheloan
Tribute to late  Alvera Bastek
Tribute to late Eileen V. Gillespie
Tribute to late Georgia B. Koepp
Tribute to late Gerald W. Litza
Congratulations extended to Gloria Majewski on retirement from Metropolitan Water Reclamation District
Congratulations extended to Father Michael Doyle on 50th anniversary of ordination
Tribute to late Rita A. Zajac
Tribute to late Barbara Victoria Albanese
Tribute to late John Charles Conway
Tribute to late Ellen Manuel 
Tribute to late Warren G. Weaver, Sr. 
Congratulations extended to Ellen Al-Hajje on receipt of Mayor's Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to Father Michael John Cronin on installation as pastor of St. Edward Parish
Congratulations extended to Juan Hernandez as finalist in Kathy Osterman Award
Congratulations extended to Josephine Petersen on receipt of Mayor's Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to Father John E. Pollard on installation as pastor of Queen of All Saints Parish
Congratulations extended to Leslee Stein-Spencer on receipt of Kathy Osterman Award for Superior Public Service
Congratulations extended to Hibbard Elementary School on receipt of Mayor's Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to Korean Martyrs' Catholic Church on 40th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Northside Learning Center on receipt of Mayor's Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to Sauganash Garden Club on receipt of Mayor's Landscape Award
Tribute to late Darwin Apel
Tribute to late Virginia Faye LeFevour
Congratulations extended to Mary Bibb on 100th birthday
Tribute to late John Theodore Karnezis
Congratulations extended to officers and directors of Women's Bar Association of Illinois
Tribute to late Bishop Dr. Arthur Brazier
Congratulations extended to Judy Tucker on retirement from 1st Congressional District
Tribute to late Honorable Viktor Chernomyrdin, former Prime Minister of Russia
Tribute to late Gerald Francis Fitzgerald
Tribute to late Gregory L. Driskell
Tribute to late Andrew Meari
Tribute to late Dr. Roque Pifarre
Tribute to late Sheik Saqr bin Mohammed Al Qasimi
Tribute to late John R. "Jack" Roche
Tribute to late Phil Siegel
Tribute to late Theodore Sorensen
Tribute to late Bertha Rene McMillon Holmes
Tribute to late Steven P. Walter
Congratulations extended to James M. Houlihan on retirement as Assessor of Cook County
Congratulations extended to Lindy McGuire on being named Manager of City Council Relations at Chicago Public Schools
Congratulations extended to Zoe Nykaza on being named Keller Regional Gifted Center's Woman of the Year 2010
Congratulations extended to Joshua Watson on being named Keller Regional Gifted Center's Man of the Year 2010
Congratulations extended to Mercedes Prause on placing second in Mayor Daley Landscape Award 
Congratulations extended to American Indian Center on earning first place in Mayor Daley Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to Amundsen High School on placing second in Mayor Daley Landscape Award
Congratulations extended to DeVry University on opening of Chamberlain College of Nursing
Congratulations extended to Michael M. Chioros on receipt of 2010 Impact Award for services in real estate industry
Tribute to late U.S. Marine Corps Lance Corporal John T. Sparks
Tribute to late Milton Lee Olive III
Congratulations extended to Police Officers Robert A. Vahl and Steven S. Barsch on apprehension of armed offender
Congratulations extended to Richard Guimond, Howard Haas, Edgar Ireland, Philip Mascarello, Anthony Matkovich, Courtney Shanken and William Moreland (posthumous) on receipt of Legion of Honor Award from France
Gratitude extended to Sisters of Notre Dame for 78 years of service at Notre Dame High School for Girls
Congratulations extended to Kiddieland Educational Center of Excellence on 3rd anniversary
Congratulations extended to Marianne R. Smith on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Terri Hemmert on induction to Radio Hall of Fame
Recognition extended to Sergeant Ricardo Romero for valor and service to nation
Recognition extended to Dr. Willie Lee Wilson for achievements and civic contributions to Chicago
Recognition extended to Committee for Labor Access and  "Labor Beat" for contributions to labor journalism, education and history 
Congratulations extended to Patricia Taylor on retirement
Tribute to late Robert  L. Johnson 
Tribute to late Jesus Cazares
Tribute to late Ronald H. Gardner 
Tribute to late Wayne L. Thompson 
Tribute to late Judy James 
Tribute to late Honorable Glenn T. Johnson 
Congratulations extended to Robert Charles Hobson on volunteer work at 41st Ward Service Office
Tribute to late John F. McGuire 
Tribute to late Peter M. Rosenthal 
Tribute to late Lance Corporal James Stack 
Tribute to late Honorable Kathleen Wantuch 
Congratulations extended to Richard Nickel Committee and declaration of December 8, 2010 as "Richard Nickel day" in Chicago 
Congratulations extended to Army Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta on receipt of Medal of Honor 
Congratulations extended to Catherine Dunlap for work on O'Hare Noise Compatibility Commission
Tribute to late Elizabeth Edwards
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant. John Brundage on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Stanley Depass on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Jerry Harper on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Peggy Holmes on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Crossing Guard Juanita Smith on retirement from Chicago Police Department
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Diane Thompson on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Michael Magliano on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Larry Payne on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Aide Gerald Burns on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Sergaent John Coghlan on retirement from Chicago Police Department 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Mary Docherty on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Captain Virginia Drozd on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Freddie Frazier III on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant Patrick Good on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Lieutenant Jon Greco retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer James Griffin on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Jimmy Guerra, Sr. on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Francis Higgins on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Bartell Keithley on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Robert Kelly on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Roman LaCoste on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Aide William O'Connor, Jr. on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Rafael Vergil on retirement 
Tribute to late Mother Vera Lee Harris 
Tribute to late John C. Anderson 
Tribute to late Robert Kurtzer
Tribute to late Daniel Scanlon 
Tribute to late Fred S. Stummer 
Congratulations extended to Joseph Imburgia on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Matthew Jastrebski on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Patrick Mooney on acheiving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Triangle Radiator on 45th anniversary of auto repair center
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant David H. Welbel on retirement 
Congratulations extended to Marge "Jimmy" Mickey on 85th birthday
Congratulations extended to Orion Samuelson on 50th anniversary with WGN Radio
Tribute to late Edith Mccormick 
Congratulations extended to William M. Stapka on 80th birthday
Tribute to late Laird Peterson 
Recognition extended to Catherine M. Battle on tireless and compassionate service to Truman College and City of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Chester Sanford Larson on 100th birthday
Gratitude extended to "Power Hour" tutoring volunteers in the 49th Ward
Tribute to late Laraine M. Kienzle 
Tribute to late Honorable Gerald C. Bender 
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant James D. Cascone on apprehension of violent offender
Gratitude extended to Fire Lieutenant/EMT Brandon Dyer, Firefighter/EMT's Joseph Pullano, Michael J. Mulligan, Clarence E. Norwood III, Daniel Truesdale and Firefighter Craig Magis for life-saving efforts
Congratulations extended to Whitney Young High School Boys Basketball Team on winning Illinois High School Association Class 4A State Basketball Championship
Honorary street designation as "Juana R. Tovar Way"
Tribute to late William F. Granger 
Honorary street designation as "Dinah Washington Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ruth Edelman Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary George B. Swift Centennial Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jay Marshall Way"
Congratulations extended to James and Mary Lou Quinn on 65th wedding anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Chosen Few D.J.'s Way"
Honorary street designation as "Ms. Bonnie L. Wishne Way"
Honorary street designation as "Lee Sandlin Way"
Honorary street designation as "Edwin 'Odge' Boska Way"
Congratulations extended to Colleen Marie Nolan on being selected to represent Chicago in Rose of Tralee competition
Tribute to late Chester Clay Jones
Tribute to late RoxAnne Lynn Rochester
Salutations extended to Aretha Franklin for musical accomplishments
Congratulations extended to Midwest Augustinians' Province of Our Mother of Good Counsel on hosting second annual gala
Congratulations extended to Citizens Utility board on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to East-West University on opening of Student Life Center 
Tribute to late Dr. Nona Burney
Tribute to late Dorothy Ann McGhee
Tribute to late Reginald Parham Sr.
Recognition extended to Jon Bruss for contributions to Advocate Trinity Hospital
Congratulations extended to Bishop Tyrone Harrington on 18th anniversary of ministry at Greater Morning View Baptist Church 
Congratulations extended to Pastor Scott Onque on ninth anniversary of ministry at St. Luke Missionary Baptist Church
Recognition extended to Naomi Zora Baskins for achievements in writing
Tribute to late Vito "Tony" Caprio
Tribute to late Julie Brady
Tribute to late Honorable Joseph E. Dini, Jr.
Tribute to late Honorable Richard J. Elrod
Tribute to late Frank Gesualdo
Tribute to late Dr. Madeleine Johnson
Tribute to late Mickey Rooney
Tribute to late Louis R. Silverman
Tribute to late Antoinette Tufano
Tribute to late Dr. Jerry Umanos
Tribute to late Thomas Yanul
Congratulations extended to Maureen O'Brien on retirement from Cook County State's Attorney's Office
Congratulations extended to Peter J. O'Brien, Sr. on being named Hometown Hero by Irish American Hall of Fame 
Congratulations extended to Maureen O'Looney on being named Hometown Hero by Irish American Hall of Fame
Congratulations extended to Anthony B. Vaughan on installation as 46th Postmaster of Chicago
Congratulations extended to Mollie Jackson on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Chicago Fire Department Engine 120 on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Association House of Chicago on Face of Hope Annual Benefit Gala
Congratulations extended to Marshall Metropolitan High School and Faraday Elementary School chess programs on achieving national championships 
Congratulations and best wishes extended to Megan Maureen Korczynski and Kevin P. Gow, Jr. on upcoming marriage 
Gratitude extended to Colonel Scott R. Bleichwehl for dedicated service
Congratulations extended to owners Stanley and Ewa Chwala on 30th anniversary of Jolley Inn Restaurant and Banquet Facility
Tribute to late Julian Abraham
Tribute to late Carol Barango
Tribute to late William "Willi" Beil
Tribute to late Richard Elrod
Tribute to late Frances C. Gallagher
Recognition extended to Amy, Ed and Bradley McNicholas for founding LiveLikeJohn: The John McNicholas Pediatric Brain Tumor Foundation 
Gratitude extended to Dr. J. W. Smith, Jr. for contributions to Chicago Public Schools
Tribute to late Mary Patricia "Patsy" Grady
Tribute to late Donald P. Smith
Congratulations extended to Peery Buckley on retirement as president of Cook County College Teachers Union
Tribute to late Lorraine F. Mullen
Congratulations extended to Thomas J. Hoberg on retirement from Northeastern Illinois University
Congratulations extended to Magic Inc., on 50th anniversary and designation of itersection at North Lincoln Avenue and West Carmen Avenue as "Honorary Jay Marshall Way" 
Congratulations extended to Shoreline Sightseeing on 75th anniversary and declaration of July 31, 2014 as "Shoreline Sightseeing Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Eden United Church of Christ on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to George B. Swift School on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late Claude A. Walton 
Tribute to late Phillip H. Tribble, Sr.
Tribute to late Bill Stanley
Congratulations extended to Whitney M. Young Magnet High School Girls Basketball Team on winning Illinois High School Association Class 4A State Basketball Championship
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public School students on being named Gates Millennium Scholars
Congratulations extended to Chicago Public High School students on selection as members of 2013-2014 Junior ROTC City Corps Staff and receipt of scholarship awards
Gratitude extended to Builders Association for dedication to workplace safety and declaration of June 2-6, 2014 as "Construction Industry Safety Stand Down Week" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Cook County Bar Association on 100th anniversary 
Welcome extended to King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of Kingdom of Netherlands on visit to Chicago
Congratulations extended to Henry J. Rutkowski, Sr. on 90th birthday
Tribute to late Robert A. Marshall
Tribute to late James K. Ziegler
Tribute to late Andrew James
Tribute to late Joseph R. Kozenczak
Honorary street designation as "Officer Nikki Bostic-Jones Way"
Tribute to late Joseph P. Lynch
Tribute to late Honorable William S. Wood
Congratulations extended to Judy and Ray McCaskey on golden wedding anniversary
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Ziaur Rahman Way"
Congratulations extended to community advocates of Near North Unity Program and recipients of Near North Community Advocate Awards for service to community
Tribute to late Rondy Dwight Carroll
Congratulations extended to Nadig News on 75th anniversary
Tribute to late Lee Sandlin
Congratulations extended to Chicago Junior ROTC cadets on service as unit commanders, ROTC scholarships, and military academy appointments  
Congratulations extended to Illinois Institute of Technology on 125th anniversary
Tribute to late Norman F. Sirianni
Recognition extended to Gaspar Gomez on 40 years of service to Wicker Park community
Tribute to late Honorable Anthony Lynn Burrell
Recognition extended to Francesco Bettoni for contributions to Italy
Congratulations extended to Albivory Hester Corley on 100th birthday 
Gratitude extended to Father Edward Linton, OSB on completion of term as pastor of St. James Catholic Parish
Recognition extended to Chicago Tribune Printer's Row Lit Fest and best wishes on continued success
Congratulations extended to St. Leonard's Ministries on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Adele Shore Bernstein on 100th birthday 
Tribute to late Michael Eugene Flournoy III
Tribute to late Dorothy Walsh
Congratulations extended to Mike Dooley on retirement as coach of Saint Xavier University Baseball Team
Tribute to late Patricia Wrenn
Tribute to late Dr. Gary Becker
Tribute to late Honorable Anthony Burrell
Tribute to late Evelyn Mildred Henderson
Tribute to late Deborah Jannotta
Tribute to late Sister Kathleen McIntyre
Tribute to late Ralph G. Scheu
Tribute to late Robert D. Stuart, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Marc Gaynes on retirement from City of Chicago Department of Law
Gratitude extended to retired Chicago Police Homicide Detective Gerald Hamilton and son Randall Brown on apprehension of automobile thief
Recognition extended to Glenn Shelton Key for military service and declaration of Wednesday, May 28 as "Glenn Shelton Key Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Police Sergeant Clinton Sebastian for life-saving actions
Congratulations extended to Honorable James R. Thompson on receipt of Order of the Rising Sun, Gold and Silver Star from His Majesty the Emperor of Japan
Congratulations extended to Eugena Whitson-Owen on appointment as president of Women's Bar Association of Illinois and declaration of June 6, 2014 as "Eugena Whitson-Owen Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Deacon Huey L. Johnson
Tribute to late Lurena A. Stokes
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Nichelle Harris for heroic actions
Congratulations extended to Illinois National Baptist State Convention on 100th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Pastor Mark Anthony Henton on installation and ministry as pastor of Monument of Faith Evangelistic Church
Congratulations extended to Tyler Rush on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to Megan Maureen Korczynski and Kevin P. Gow, Jr. on wedding
Tribute to late Alton L. Hayes, Sr.
Congratulations extended to St. Ladislaus Parish on 100th anniversary
Tribute to late John Cheever
Congratulations extended to Adam Lizakowski on publication of "40 Liston Poetyckich"
Congratulations extended to 38th Ward Chief of Staff Rita Sattler on retirement
Tribute to late Sister Mary Marguerite Gruszewski, CSSF
Tribute to late Geraldine O'Connor
Tribute to late Dr. Fern Sanner
Congratulations extended to Christa Ciesil and Sarah Papimik on representing Edgebrook Elementary School at Illinois State Fair
Congratulations extended to Mary Lou Edelmann on receipt of 2014 Distinguished Service Award from Sauganash Woman's Club and Foundation
Congratulations extended to Reverend Monsignor John E. Pollard on 40th anniversary of ordination
Congratulations extended to Michael C. Rodriguez on achieving rank of Eagle Scout
Congratulations extended to George and Judy Toft on 50th wedding anniversary 
Congratulations extended to Anthony Watrobinski on receipt of 2014 "Spirit of the River" award
Tribute to late Clarence Smith
Recognition extended to Mary Dressler for service to Oriole Park Library
Gratitude extended to John Dumire for service to Ebinger Local School Council
Recognition extended to Allan Firak for contributions to Oriole Park Community
Congratulations extended to Samuel Ramon Hernandez on 2nd birthday
Congratulations extended to Ron Ciezki and Ron's Barber Shop on 30th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Feralloy Corporation on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Onahan Elementary School on sweeping victory at Rockets for Schools Competition 
Congratulations extended to Ira Coleman on receipt of 2013-2014 Professional Service Provider of the Year Award from Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations extended to Robin B. Gallery on receipt of Excellence in Arts and Culture Award from Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations extended to Perennial Virant on receipt of Hospitality Business of the Year Award from Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Congratulations extended to Insomnia Cookies on receipt of Retail Business of the Year Award from Lincoln Park Chamber of Commerce
Tribute to late Fenton James Foley, Jr.
Congratulations extended to Rita Zbella on retirement from St. Richard Elementary School
Congratulations extended to Sharon Denise Julien on organizing Trashbag Fashion Show 2014, The Explosion
Congratulations extended to Andrew and Margarita Matos on 25th wedding anniversary
Congratulations extended to Isabel Wojcik, Rebecca Skipper, John Travios and Michael Muzupappa on representing Edgebrook Elementary School at Illinois State History Fair
Congratulations extended to Deputy Commissioner Michael F. Sturtevant on retirement from Department of Water Management
Tribute to late Michael Masser
Tribute to late LaVerne M. Damlos
Honorary street designation as "Thomas Senesac & Bob Hoagland Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Jeanne Marie Schultz Way"
Honorary street designation as "Paulino Villareal Way"
Honorary street designation as "Dr. George W. Waddles, Sr."
Honorary street designation as "John and Pat Mulligan Way"
Congratulations extended to Kiwanis Peanut Inc. on 60th anniversary and declaration of September 23, 2011 as "Kiwanis Peanut Day" in Chicago 
Tribute to late Dr. Betty Howard
Congratulations extended to RIC Blackhawks Sled Hockey team members Kevin McKee and Brody Roybal, and coach Dan Tun for contributions to U.S. Paralympic movement
Congratulations extended to recipients of 2014 Golden Apple Award  and Stanley C. Golder Award 
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Terrence J. Clark on retirement 
Congratulations extended to 65th Infantry Regiment, known as Borinqueneers, on receipt of Congressional Gold Medal
Tribute to late Jean A. Bike
Tribute to late Joseph Barclay Organ
Congratulations extended to Father Michael John Kallock on retirement from Old St. Mary's and best wishes on future endeavors
Recognition extended to Greater Bethlehem Missionary Baptist Church on 90th anniversary and declaration of August 22 to 24, 2014 as "Greater Bethlehem Missionary Baptist Church Days" in Chicago
Tribute to late James A. Deanes
Tribute to late Penelope Evans
Tribute to late Mother Eleanor Cole Thomas
Congratulations extended to South Shore neighborhood on reciept of "Neighborhood of the Year" award at the Neighborhoods USA 39th annual conference
Tribute to late Gustavia Douglas Boykin
Tribute to late Robert Lamay Bradley, Jr.
Tribute to late Reverend Frank Jones, Jr.
Recognition extended to Burnside Elementary School Desegregation Sit-In on 52nd anniversary
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. Donald L. Sharp and Faith Tabernacle Baptist Church on 50th anniversary
Tribute to late Maya Angelou
Tribute to late Ruby Dee
Tribute to late Reverend William Allen Eddy, Jr.
Tribute to late Lucille "Jackie" Gallagher
Tribute to late Lewis Katz
Tribute to late William H. Luking
Tribute to late Peter M. Shannon, Jr.
Tribute to late John O. "Jack" Roeser
Tribute to late Larry J. Schreiner
Tribute to late Joseph M. Smith, Jr.
Tribute to late Lady Mary Soames
Tribute to late United States Army Private Aaron S. Toppen
Tribute to late Honorable John Vasconcellos
Congratulations extended to Honorable Charles R. Bernardini on designation as Knight Officer of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Recognition extended to Wallace "Gator" Bradley and Andrew Holmes for community involvement
Congratulations extended to Special Olympics Chicago on 46th anniversary and declaration of July 2014, as "Special Olympics Chicago Month" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Casa Central on 60th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Rita Zbella on retirement from St. Richard's School
Congratulations extended to St. James Parish on 100th anniversary
Recognition extended to Polish American Association for efforts against domestic violence and congratulations on launch of Shelter Her women's shelter
Congratulations extended to Nicole Alicia Jaconetty on graduation from Fordham University
Tribute to late Milton Carroll Marshall
Congratulations extended to Olga Catelani Suareo on 100th birthday
Tribute to late Pearl Allen
Tribute to late Grace Ann Brunner
Tribute to late Willie Russell Jackson
Tribute to late John C. Montgomery
Tribute to late Glenda Williams Smith
Tribute to late James "Jimmy" Taylor
Congratulations extended to Jamison family on celebration of family reunion
Tribute to late Nicholas "Nick" Keener
Tribute to late William H. Luking 
Tribute to late Donald E. Ritt
Congratulations extended to Arun Sampanthavivat and Arun's Restaurant on various accomplishments
Congratulations extended to Robert Tamillo on retirement from City Colleges of Chicago
Tribute to late Yuri Kochiyama
Congratulations extended to Sara Suarez, David Luna, Mariano Sandoval and Grabriela Velazquez on award winning contributions to The Student Voices Contest
Congratulations extended to Marshall Metropolitan High School and Faraday Elementary School chess programs for outstanding achievements
Tribute to late Beatrice Holley Sumlin
Honorary street designation as "George T. Kyros Way" - amend
Congratulations extended to Marvinetta Woodley-Penn on achievements in education and community service
Honorary street designation as "Ms. Bonnie L. Wishne Way"
Tribute to late Michael Devon Ricks
Tribute to late Leona Williams
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Paul Gregoire on retirement
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Frank and Marjorie Alschuler Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Christopher Strobel Way"
Honorary street designation as "Fasula Way"
Honorary street designation as "Joe Segal Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Torrence Shorter Way"
Tribute to late William H. Luking
Gratitude extended to Police Officer Sandra R. Stoppa for heroic efforts
Congratulations extended to Young Women's Leadership Charter School for efforts to empower young women through education and congratulations to Charnae Caldwell on receipt of Gates Millennium Scholarship 
Gratitude extended to Chicago Department of Transportation employees David Torres, Alex Hampton, Christopher Haskell and John Vyhnanek for heroic efforts
Congratulations extended to The Support Group on 25th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Paula Krezebiot on retirement
Tribute to late Vincent Nally
Tribute to late Honorable Alan J. Dixon
Tribute to late Leona Violet Sullivan
Congratulations extended to Harry J. Brozynski on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Honorable Garritt E. Howard on retirement
Recognition extended to Joe Segal for contributions to jazz music
Congratulations extended to Buddy Guy's Legends on 25th anniversary and best birthday wishes extended to Buddy Guy
Congratulations extended to First Immanuel Lutheran Church on 160th anniversary
Congratulations extended to American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association on 92nd anniversary
Congratulations extended to Notre Dame de Chicago parish on 150th anniversary
Congratulations extended to Alan Channing on retirement 
Recognition extended to Monica Haslip as founder and executive director of Little Black Pearl Workshop, Inc.
Congratulations extended to Carl F. Wilson on 101st birthday
Tribute to late Sharon Bonds
Tribute to late X.L. Bracy, Jr.
Tribute to late Geneva Johnson
Tribute to late Anna Marie Pickett Bibbs-Peppers
Tribute to late James L. Whigham, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Reverend Dr. Joel Tolliver on 10th anniversary as pastor of Haven of Rest Missionary Baptist Church
Congratulations extended to Lincoln School alumni on 20th Biennial Lincolnite Reunion and recognition extended to Chicago Chapter of Lincolnite Club
Congratulations extended to Charnae Caldwell on receipt of Gates Millennium Scholarship and recognition of Young Women's Leadership Charter School for dedication to developing Chicago's future leaders 
Tribute to late Sarah M. Scheuing
Tribute to late Frieda A. Tomiser
Tribute to late Michele L. Turrise
Tribute to late Claudia M. Williams
Tribute to late Honorable Howard Baker
Tribute to late James Patrick "Jim" Brosnan
Tribute to late Honorable Robert W. Depke
Tribute to late R. Bruce Duchossois
Tribute to late Jacob D. Dumelle
Tribute to late Honorable Kenneth J. Gray
Tribute to late Honorable Kenneth K. Hamsher
Tribute to late Henry "Hank" Hartsfield, Jr.
Tribute to late Jane O'Connor Kerr
Tribute to late Stephanie Louise Kwolek
Tribute to late James P. Moss
Tribute to late Joseph F. Philipps
Tribute to late Gerald Ratner
Congratulations extended to Police Officer Anthony Valenti on retirement
Tribute to late Gregory T. Riddle
Tribute to late Honorable John Schiffer
Tribute to late Barbara Turf
Tribute to late James L. Whigham, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Reverend George A, Lane, S.J. on 80th birthday and 60th anniversary of Ordination
Congratulations extended to Tony La Russa, Jr., on induction into National Baseball Hall of Fame and declaration of July 31, 2014 as "Tony La Russa, Jr. Day" in Chicago
Congratulations extended to Frank Thomas on induction into National Baseball Hall of Fame and declaration of August 18, 2014 as "Frank Thomas Day" in Chicago
Tribute to late Dr. Steve Whitman
Tribute to late Leola Chambers
Tribute to late Robert R. Cotten
Tribute to late Corey Donyel Hudson
Tribute to late Milton Johnson
Congratulations extended to Hilda Harris on 95th birthday
Recognition extended to Division Street Business Development Association on 30th anniversary
Tribute to late Torrence F. Shorter, Sr.
Congratulations extended to Dr. John L. Anderson on retirement
Congratulations extended to Martha Ann Melton on 100th birthday
Congratulations extended to Domingo Martinez on retirement
Recognition extended to Pedro L. Verges for contributions to literature
Recognition extended to Unidad Dominicana on 5th annual Festival Dominicano
Tribute to late Tyrone Lawyer Kindle
Congratulations extended to Wooten Choral Ensemble on 65th anniversary
Tribute to late Effie Marie Davis
Recognition extended to Ward family on Ward reunion
Congratulations extended to Washington and Robinson families on celebration of family reunion
Tribute to late Mary E. Dolan
Tribute to late Michael G. Doody
Tribute to late John R. "Jack" Keller
Tribute to late Margaret M. "Peggy" Klimek
Tribute to late Regina D. Kwilas
Tribute to late Rita A. Larsen
Tribute to late Catherine "Cathy" J. Nylen
Tribute to late Claudia Reardon
Tribute to late Ellen Marie Villella
Congratulations extended to St. Thecla Falcon's Boys Basketball Team  winning 2013-2014 City Suburban Conference Championship
Congratulations extended to Gladys Hillcoat Goodmonson on 99th birthday
Congratulations extended to Georgia Leese on 80th birthday
Congratulations extended to Edward H. Marsalek on 90th birthday
Congratulations extended to Frank Alschuler on 90th birthday
Recognition extended to Year Up Chicago for educational and professional intership programs
Congratulations extended to Timothy M. Kavanaugh on retirement from Department of Water Management 
Congratulations extended to Bernadette "Bernie" Hicks on retirement from Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection
Honorary street designation as "Antoinette Brown Street"
Honorary street designation as "Officers Hauser and Kilroy Drive"
Honorary street designation as "Nick Mirkopoulos Way" 
Honorary street designation as "Fasula Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Edward Price Way"
Congratulations extended to Bazazian Branch of Chicago Public Library on first annual Harold A. Bezazian Lecture
Tribute to late Edmund C. Kasprzyk 
Congratulations extended to Katie Williams-Johnson on 80th birthday
Tribute to late Gary M. Strock Sr. 
Honorary street designation as "Ralphi Rosario Corner"
Honorary street designation as "Saint Simeon Drive"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Paulette Horton Way"
Honorary street designation as "Peter Thornton, Sr. Way"
Honorary street designation as "Reverend J.E. Storey Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Walter L Sojka Way"
Honorary street designation as "Jason V. Mayoski Way"
Honorary street designation as "Honorary Helen C. Peirce Centennial 2015 Way"
Recognition extended to President Barack Obama and U.S.Navy Seals for counterterrorist actions against Osama Bin Laden
Honorary street designation as "Frank J. Lodarek Way"
Recognition extended to Chicago Public Schools for increasing graduation rates, test scores and attendance
Congratulations extended to Jackie Robinson West All-Stars Little League Baseball Team on winning 2014 United States Little League World Series Championship 
